MORIENT Material Compilation v0.1

	I've compiled all the articles that I managed to save into one big 
document. I sorted through them and separated them based loosely on their 
content. Some articles may be duplicated, as I haven't had time to make sure 
there is no duplication. I was going to do a bit more "cleaning" but, due
to the time constraints I haven't had time to do so. Please remember this is 
just a rough compilation to help us choose a direction to take with the 
MOrient project. I would also like all authors who find their work in this 
compilation to let me know, as I would like to give you credit for your 
contributions in any further revisions. I regret that I didn't save everyone's
signatures when I was saving the articles. There is a short "questionnaire" to
fill out below, as well as the whole of the compiled material. Please only
send me back the filled out form and your comments and anything you feel I 
have left out.  

MORIENT PROJECT - Feedback Questions
	Well we had an amazing response, and a lot of support for, the MOrient
project. The problem now is deciding what information to use and what not to
use. Since we are all involved in this project we'll be deciding the direction
of the project democratically. I've gone through all the posts to the Mystara
ML that I managed to save on my PC and I've organized them into separate text 
files based on their over all content. I read through all the material and
found the biggest sticking points and conflicts. We have to resolve these 
issues before we can go on to the next step ( I'm not sure what that is right 
now but we can figure it out ), so that's what this first compilation is about.
Read through all the material, decide what you like and what you don't like, 
and the fill out the simple questionnaire below and send it back to me. In two
weeks I'll get the results from the returned forms and we'll go on from there.
Those that don't return to me their answers in two weeks will be removed from
the development team, I'm not trying to be unfair, but it takes a lot of my 
time to manage all the bookkeeping and I'd rather not be doing it for people 
unwilling to participate. Hey, besides, if you can't fill out a questionnaire 
within two weeks it doesn't really show the kind of dedication that's required
for something like this. If you have any problems with this then please E-mail 
me and we'll discuss it.
	This is simply a small questionnaire to gain a consensus on the 
direction we are to take with the MOrient Project. Many good ideas have been 
put forward on many different and varied aspects of the MOrient, but now we 
must choose between the conflicting ones and then delegate the work to expand 
on the ones chosen. All you have to do is fill out the boxes ( put an X in 
them ) of the choices that you prefer, and then send the filled out form back 
to me, I'll tabulate the results and we'll take the direction of the
project from that, if you find a problem with this system PLEASE e-mail me 
with your concerns. I'm only presenting very brief descriptions of the choices
as everyone reading this has also been given a copy of the compiled material 
on the MOrient, where these ideas have been presented. Well, might as well 
get into it so:

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GOD.TXT
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

Name:  Rohindartha
Aka:  The Enlightened One
Sphere:  Thought
Alignment:  Neutral (of neutral-good in AD&D)
Immortal Rank:  Eternal
Immortal Level:  29

Abilities:  Str- 42  Int- 45  Wis- 68  Dex- 44  Con- 47  Cha- 40
Permanent Power:  9,500
Saving Throws:  Spell Attacks- 7,  Physical Attacks-3,  Mental Attacks- 6,  
Power Attacks- 5
AC: -21,  THAC0: *6 (misses only on natural 1, add 6 to damage roll)  
Hit Dice: 43
Hit Points:  700,  # Attacks: 4,  Punch Damage: 4d6  Anti-magic: 80%
Special Abilities:  Aura- affects up to 23 mortals (vampires, dragons, etc.
ARE affected)with terror, paralysis, or charm.
Magic- Any clerical, magical, or druidic spell any number of times per day, +
immortal magic.
Regeneration- 1d4 hp per day if active, 1d8 per day at rest
Communication with any living being, all air-related non-living things
Rapid travel, special defense against non-magical weapons and
poison, protection from magic, infravision, creation of any items, and about 
anything else that you can think of. 
Powers:  Turn Undead ( as a 36th level Cleric), Mystic Special Abilities 
(acrobatics, awareness, heal self, mind block, blankout, gentle touch as 16th 
level mystic)

Description:  Rohindartha is rather small for an immortal, though he's a 
little over average human size.  He has black hair and brown eyes, and varies 
his appearance subtly to match those he is dealing with.  

Personality:  Rohindartha was a Prince of some distant civilization (Sind,
shortly after its peak).  His worship has disappeared from that country, but 
was brought to the Orient by missionaries centuries ago.  He gave up 
everything he had to seek the *Middle Path*, not succumbing to the temptation of
luxury, yet also avoiding the extreme tortures of self-deprivation in seeking 
enlightenment. He was an epic hero who ventured far and wide in search of 
enlightenment. There are many vague stories about his life, though none are 
very specific. His patron was Alphatia, and he has remained on good terms 
with her and Koryis, whose interests he shares.  One of his long term goals 
was to civilize the Minaeans so that the areas where he was worshipped could 
trade and interact freely with the Alphatians, but that goal may fade with the
disappearance of Alphatia. He is dedicated to raising mortals up above the 
suffering of mortal life through enlightenment. He detests all undead as 
trapping a spirit indefinitely in the realm of suffering.  Rohindartha is 
dedicated to bringing goodness through extreme nonviolence (except towards 
undead), but, because laws so frequently interfere with genuine goodness and 
he feels no tie to any law but goodness, his alignment is given as neutral. 
Rohindartha does not believe that he is fully enlightened, and is one of the 
few immortals actively seeking the secret of the Old Ones, although he is only 
an Eternal.  He and Khoronus are friends and research partners. Rohindartha 
considers every immortal of the sphere of entropy to be his personal enemy,
with the notable exception of Hel, whose enmity is merely professional in 
nature.  Rohindartha's nature is one of absolute goodness and pacifism.

Philosophy:  Rohindartha's followers are divided into two major denominations.
The Elders' Path is a "monotheistic" philosophy which is devoted to the quest 
for enlightenment through following the way of the Enlightened One; it demands 
a more active role on the part of believers, and stresses extreme tolerance
and pacifism.  The Greater Path is the philosophy in which adherents believe 
that they are helped along the way to enlightenment by those who have already 
become enlightened (including several other immortals, some immortals sponsored 
by Rohindartha, several titans, and a number of heroes of the past or simply 
fictional ones); this is a slightly less spiritual, less austere philosophy 
which is better suited to normal life.  Both philosophies stress pacifism,
goodness, respect for elders, and most of all, the quest for enlightenment.  
Many orders of Mystics follow Rohindara, along with the clerics.  His clerics 
are made up mainly of monks, though nuns and gurus also exist.  They devote 
their lives to doing good and seeking enlightenment.  Clerics receive 
"Deanimate" rather than "Animate Dead".  This spell alters an undead to it's 
state before animation, thus freeing the spirit from the undead.  This only 
works on monsters animated by a spell.  Clerics may wear no armor, although 
they can use a shield and their increased presence of mind gives them a -3 
bonus on armor class, plus an additional -1 bonus every 4 levels after first.
Rohindara's clerics radiate such an aura of peace that living creatures are 
less likely to attack them (+1 or +2 bonus on initial reaction rolls, or such),
unless the creature recognizes the cleric as a personal enemy.  DMs should 
award experience for monsters that the clerics avoid fighting, as well as 
role-laying bonuses for pacifism if they are deserved.

This is my basic idea for a major religion of the Orient.  Please reply with 
your impressions of it.  Thanks!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

>I was talking about Chinese belief that important people are incarnation 
>of minor god, etc.  In game term, that would mean immortal will directly 
>involves in mortal realm.

Not necessarily.  Immortals have 3 distinct forms, as given in Wrath of the 
Immortals.  The Manifestation form is their awesome form in which they have 
so many powers that they are effectively invincible against mortals.  The 
immortal's law states simply that an immortal is forbidden to appear in 
manifestation form on the prime plane.  They are allowed to appear in 
incorporeal form (appearing in dreams, etc.) or in a Mortal Identity. An 
immortal is allowed to take on human (or other mortal) form on the prime plane 
in order to further his or her objectives.  A glance at recent Mystaran 
history shows two obvious examples: Etienne d'Ambreville, prince of Glantri 
and the immortal Rad, and Anya, former chief advisor and mistress of Emperor 
Thincol I and the immortal Vanya. The incarnations of emperors could be true 
immortals without violating the Law.  I point this out only for clarification; 
I do not necessarily disagree with the idea of a superrace.

>Also, he should probably be bald.  True
>follower of his will be pacifist to the extreme.  They 
>will not allow to kill anything unless it is extremely 
>evil and have no chance of redemption.  This applies to 
>all animals and probably intelligent plants.  As for 
>undeads, the mindless type (zombie, skeletons, etc.) are 
>no different then moving tables, and can be destroyed 
>without penalties.  Buddhist don't care much about the 
>body, believing only the soul is important.  As for the 
>intelligent undeads, I'm not sure what their view is.  I 
>can't really see them just run up and kill those creatures, 
>especially those that are not totally evil.  They probably 
>will attempt to reason with those undeads first, get them 
>to see that holding on to life this way is wrong, and get 
>them to give up their undead statue willingly.  So perhaps 
>they will have the power of calm intelligent undead down 
>and get the undeads listen to them, and if the power is 
>successfully used, the undead need to make a saving throw, 
>or "dissipate."  Undead that is pawn of other undead should 
>regain its free will at during the time of conversation.

You're completely right regarding the baldness, it just slipped my mind
somehow.  As for the rest, it is pretty much exactly in the same vein as
what I had in m

>BTW, this will not be the religion of the mass for MChina.
>It will fit nicely for one of the more advanced culture that 
>neighboring MChina that I was thinking about.  Due to the 
>religious beliefs, they are contented to stay in their own 
>little kingdom and advance their various art to a very high 
>degree.  In historic setting this nation will be located in 
>the mountains between India and China, where the mountain
>help out its small army in defending the nation a bit.  but 
>since I don't have any map with me, I'm not sure where would 
>be a good place for this nation.

I agree that this should not be the primary philosophy of MChina.  The
MTibet/Nepal/Bhutan(?) that you seem to be describing is an excellent
idea, although it seems that it would be quite a bit of work to create a
new MIndia when Sind is already there.  T his philosophy would probably
also be followed in the jungle south of MChina (MBurma and MThailand)

>I can't comment on the stats etc., as I'm not familiar
>with Immortals rules. He does seem to have rather impressive powers though;
>too impressive? Also, I'm not sure that I see the rationale for the link to 
>undead, specifically the emphasis on "de-animating" and releasing the spirit 
>. Wouldn't this be that spirit's karma?

The Immortal Law at the beginning of this post was designed specifically
to balance these powers.  I never went into Mortal Identities because it
seems rather premature.  The idea presented in Wrath of the Immortals is
that a weak immortal is far more pow erful than any mortal.  They should
not be used simply as monsters, but more as all-powerful NPCs, according
to the rules set forth there.  If anyone who is familiar with the rules
for immortals could reply, I would appreciate input on whether Rohindartha
should be about at Eternal level where I placed him, or should he be less
powerful?  As for the undead stuff, I was unsure about it myself.  John
seemed to back up the original description, while Shelby disagreed.  I
would appreciate further input regard ing the issue of undead in
MBuddhism. BTW, I forgot to include this description in the original
description: Rohin means "on the upward path" in Sindhi, and -dartha was
simply added to be reminiscent of Siddartha. Thanks to those who took the
time to respond.  I appreciate it, even if I disagreed with parts of your
posts. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

Sigh... I was hoping we don't have to get into religion of Chinese or
MChinese for a while, but since someone brought it up, I going to make a
few comments.  Chinese religion is VERY confusing.  Most people are just
not that religious.  Even the religious type (monk, priest, etc.), are
different from their western counterpart that they are more interested in
seeking self "enlightenment" instead of converting others.  The "religion"
that the general population follow is a mix of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucian
ism, and the folk tales all rolled into one.  And the attitude toward
religion is very different from the Westerner's point of view.  I'm not
even sure where to start on this subject area.  Should I start thinking of
creating a MChinese's pantheons of Imm ortals?  That might take a while. 
Also, could the "Immortal Law" be different for MOrient than those applied
to the Known World.  As I said before, Chinese belief that many special
people in its history are incarnation of heavenly creature/minor god etc. 
One way to incorporate that in the Mystara campaign is that they are
immortals reborn into mortal form, with their immortal memory wiped.  Upon
their death, their will take their place in the Immortal rank again.  The
Immortal Patrick described are fairly good.  I just have a couple of
points to make.  Instead of coming from Sind, why not MIndia? Also, he
should probably be bald.  True follower of his will be pacifist to the
extreme.  They will not allow to kill an ything unless it is extremely
evil and have no chance of redemption.  This applies to all animals and
probably intelligent plants.  As for undeads, the mindless type (zombie,
skeletons, etc.) are no different then moving tables, and can be destroyed
witho ut penalties.  Buddhist don't care much about the body, believing
only the soul is important.  As for the intelligent undeads, I'm not sure
what their view is.  I can't really see them just run up and kill those
creatures, especially those that are not to tally evil.  They probably
will attempt to reason with those undeads first, get them to see that
holding on to life this way is wrong, and get them to give up their undead
statue willingly.  So perhaps they will have the power of calm intelligent
undead d own and get the undeads listen to them, and if the power is
successfully used, the undead need to make a saving throw, or "dissipate."
Undead that is pawn of other undead should regain its free will at during
the time of conversation. BTW, this will not be the religion of the mass
for MChina.  It will fit nicely for one of the more advanced culture that
neighboring MChina that I was thinking about.  Due to the religious
beliefs, they are contented to stay in their own little kingdom an d
advance their various art to a very high degree.  In historic setting this
nation will be located in the mountains between India and China, where the
mountain help out its small army in defending the nation a bit.  but since
I don't have any map with me , I'm not sure where would be a good place
for this nation. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

·	> So one way of getting around this that I  thought of is using
·	> the seelie court.  For some reason the  fairies in MChina is more
·	interested in
·	> the welfare of the mortals than their western counterparts
·	Hi John,
·	I knew there were "spirits" in Chinese folklore, but are you choosing to
·	adopt the terminology of Celtic fairy? Aren't there labels more suited 
·	to the orient?

I'm thinking of keeping them separate.  The seelie/celestial court is
filled by the powerful fairies, nearly immortal in power.  While the
spirits have considerably less power.  Actually come to think of it, this
might work out quite similar to Chinese my thology.  A little background
info first, the spirits are come to being when those nature animals or
plants start on the "path." How they able to start was never clearly
described, AFAIK, probably they just happen to live in a highly magical
area for a lo ng time.  After 50 to 100 years or so, they can take on
human form.  If they stay on the right path, they can sooner or later
(generally several hundreds or thousands of years) became a god.  If they
stray on to the wrong path, they will be condemned by t he heaven and be
destroyed.  In game term, this could be that minor spirits, after gaining
certain amount of power could be invited into the celestial court. 
Powerful magic user could also became a god.  this could be using a spell
similar to Lich, but i nstead of turned into an undead, the caster is
turned into a powerful fairy and join the court.  BTW, in Chinese folk
belief, gods is not all powerful.  They are below buddas in power.  And
while godhood can sometime be obtained by just eating some alchem y
formulas, one can became a budda only through total devotion, selfless
sacrifice, etc.  Also, IIRC, a god is not out of the "great cycle,"
meaning that after a certain amount of time they have to start at the
beginning and be a mortal again.  And once b ecame a god, one can never
became a budda.  So, I think in game term, Immortals = budda and Powerful
fairy = god.  Just my opinion.  As I said before, the main reason I like
this is there are just too many gods in Chinese folk stories to create an
immorta l out of each one.  Hum, looking back at my post, it might be a
little confusing.  Feel free to ask me any questions to clarify anything
or tell me what you think of this.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

Shelby Michlin pontificated:
>
·This is pretty fascinating stuff for a Westerner, or at least for this one.
·What do you think of the Oriental pantheons in Deities and Demigods/Legends
·and Lore etc.? Where does that (polytheism) fit into the milieu of Buddhism,
·Confucianism, Taoism and folk tales? 

I only flip through L&L once, and don't remember much about it. 
Polytheism is what the commoners "believes".  Most people don't know
whether a "god" came from Buddhism, Taoism, or somewhere else, nor do they
really care. 

·	What's the "Immortal Law" you refer to above?

I was talking about Chinese belief that important people are incarnation
of minor god, etc. The major gods could just be the same immortals that
have already been published, just took a different name when in MChina,
with a few addition immortal that is M China specific. 

·In an earlier post you mentioned that the older, original Great Wall is in
·fact a mound, while the stone wall people picture was only built within the
·past few hundred years. Are you saying that the original Great Wall was
·built as a mound, or that all that remains of it is a mound?

Sorry, I don't really know.

·Thank you again, I think your contributions are a terrific opportunity to
·get Oriental cultures "right."

Just doing what I can.  BTW, I left Taiwan before I even finished
elementary school, so by no mean I'm an authority on China.  So if someone
found different info on what I described, feel free to correct me. 

·PS How do we refer to you politely, as Shin, as Yu, or something else?

Just call me John :) While we at it, we can go a little into Chinese
names.  In China, family names is generally placed first and generally are
only one word (each word is one syllable in Chinese), although there are
some two word last names too, and the y seems to be more common in the
past.  Longer last name can also be heard once a while, but generally mean
the family come from outer region of China, such as Mongol, Manchuria,
etc., and they sometime shorten their family name once they integrated
into Chinese society.  Given name are generally one or two word. 
Traditionally, there are many families that have strict restrictions on
Given Names.  For example, the first word of all children from the same
generation needs to be the same word, and the seco nd words need to have
some shared characteristic.  Like they all have to be related to water
etc.  and those rules is kept in the family shrine that is located at the
family's place of ancestry.  Using my name as example, in Chinese it is Yu
Shin Chyang.  Yu is my family name, both of my sisters have Shin as the
first of the given name.  Our family book is back in China, so we didn't
follow the strict family rule on naming.  All cousin with same last name
(i.e., children of you father's brother) also cons ider to be in the same
generation and should have same first word for the given name.  BTW, these
rules are generally followed by more educated families, or middle class or
better.  When your first worry is earn enough money to survive, you tend
to not wo rry about names as much.  Traditionally, boys from educated
family often have a personal names too, which is used among close friend. 
Commoners name is generally much simpler.  A street vendor generally have
names like Wong Six (for been the sixth childr en of the family) or Tang
Big (for been the first born, or just a big guy), etc.  Adventurers
generally like to carry some nice sounding nicknames that Timely Rain for
someone like to help out other, White Serpent in the Wave for someone who
is a good swi mmer and have fair skin, etc.  Sorry for talk so much on
fluffs, I'll try to cut down a bit in the future. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

One common motif in Chinese mythology is the Celestial Court, which is
similar to the Mt. Olympus of the Greek myth that it is a gathering of the
Chinese gods.  However, since the number of Chinese gods could easily be
in the hundreds if not thousands, it would be difficult in my opinion to
create that many immortals.  So one way of getting around this that I
thought of is using the seelie court.  For some reason the fairies in
MChina is more interested in the welfare of the mortals than their western
cou nterparts.  So they have been "helping out" quite a bit over the
history of MChina.  So the commoner mistaken some of the more powerful
good folks to be immortals and start to warship them.  The clerics in
MChina know that is not the case, but the idea is too deep rooted for them
to bother to change it.  The famous people that are believed to
incarnation of gods could just be changelings or actual fairy spirit
incarnated into human baby for one life time, probably either as a
punishment or the seelie cour t like to get something done that a normal
human can't be trusted.  So, this is the gist of my idea, what do people
think about it?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARB.TXT
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

>Dear Pascal: Send more gnoll stuff, have you seen I've left all the 
gnollish barbarians to you?
	Thank you for your long and useful post. I hope it will be a good 
start to every of us.
	About gnoll stuff, I'm just finishing my Averoigne one and then I 
switch to it. I will speak of the gnolls, their more trusted companions 
(hyenas), their two immortals (Yeenoghu and the Ghoulish Hyaena from 
Chaos), some of their habits and so on. Hope you'll find it interested.
	When the new oriental setting will take form, and I want to 
participate, I'll try to make relations to my gnoll stuff to it.
	Long live the Gnolls, may your scent never fails you.
	Pascal (who likes dwarves too)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

Now, here are some general ideas, if you have something to add or you
don't like something, let me know soon, before I start writing: Human
barbarians are Mongol-like, great horsemen and really good with bow and
arrows (I'll get some ideas from the GAZ about Ethengar). For half-ogre
and others humanoid barbarians, I'm going to get many ideas from a tribe
who really threatened China (I don't know their English name, in Italian
is 'Unni', they are the ones who later came in Europe), and from others
Germanic tribes describ es by Tacitus (OK, that's not historically
accurate, but I feel it's better like that...). Gabriele Ferri -
fif3336@iperbole.bologna.it PS Should barbarians have magic users? 

---------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

Hello again,

Perhaps 'Unni' is 'Hun?'
As far as barbarians, I would recommend shamans and witch-doctors, rather
than full magic-users.
Shelby Michlin
----------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

There are really hundreds of horse-barbarian cultures that have come out 
of central Asia ... we should all look for details (either historically 
inspired or totally original) to give to these cultures to make them 
unique and not just Ethengar East.
-------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

Hi, I'm still working on barbarians for MChina.  Here are more infos about
humanoid barbarians (see also my earlier messages): There are many
different tribal groups; Most common humanoids are goblins, trolls,
kobolds and hobgoblins. Those tribes are slaves of other more developed
humanoid-civilizations (Ogre-magi, half-orc, half-ogre, rakasta) who could
be really dangerous for MChina, if they were united by a strong l eader.
By now they haven't a common leader, so they use only 50% of they military
power for attack MChina, but maybe in future....; I imagine this
barbarians like those who threatened (and eventually destroyed) the Roman
Empire. They are nomads, they travel in caravans and they've never founded
a settlement bigger than a village. Even their villages are frequently
abandoned because th ey aren't good in agriculture (they think that
agriculture is inferior and let only captured humans practice it) and, so,
they don't get enough food from the land. In fact they prefer hunting
animals or attacking isolated villages to get food, hardware an d even
slaves. Many tribes have some sheep, yaks and horses.; Each tribe is
composed by 15/50 members (males and females), plus about 3 slaves for
every important member (there are 3/10 important members in every tribe).
Social and political influence is often hereditary or is also gained with
experience and age.; About 5 tribes together form a horde. Those 5 tribes
are formed by slaves-humanoids (goblins, trolls, kobolds or hobgoblins).
Please note that there often is a slave-humanoid race who is dominant
between the other slave-races in the horde. Humanoids who b elong to other
races than the dominant one are often killed during skirmishes caused by
racial hate. Every horde is ruled by a another group of humanoids who is
superior for intellect, strength or magic (ogre-magi, half-orc, half-ogre
or rakasta). The rul ing humanoids may not belong all at the same race.
The ruling group's uncooperative and evil tendencies don't let the hordes
cooperate unless their survival itself is in danger. The rulers think of
their slaves as animals; they don't hesitate to kill them if they want to
rebel (they remind what happened centuries ago, when a slave-rebellion and
a MChinese offensive put in serious danger their ancestors' lives).;
Slave-humanoids wear animal furs, and in war, they put grass and leaves on
them to increase stealth, and draw symbols on their faces and bodies to
incite fear. Note that some furs (especially the ones from yaks) offer the
same protection of a leather armo ur. Sometimes they have wooden shields
decorated with paintings of animals or geometrical patterns. Slave-races
can make some primitive weapons like bows, staffs, maces; but they can
also have some rusty short swords or daggers stolen in their raids (if t
hey are lucky enough to hide them, because robbery is frequent even in the
horde). Ruling-humanoids instead have steel weapons stolen in the raids
(note that barbarians don't know how to make them) or, at least, some very
well made, very beautiful, and ma ybe even enchanted by a shaman,
primitive weapon. They often have artistic wooden shields and leather
armours (sometimes they put some wood or bronze on them, gaining a -1 / -2
AC and +5/10 Kg weight). The most important and the richest leaders wear a
bro nze, gold and silver plated, helmet. When they travel, they rides
horses, but they aren't so good like humans barbarians (I'll speak about
them in a later message). When they stop, slaves have no tents at all or,
if it's really cold and windy, they uses a small wooden wall to stop the
wind a nd old, ugly, rotten animal furs to cover themselves. Rulers can
have, depending on their culture and the hardware available, a tent, a
small wooden cottage, or a room dug underground. Animals are usually left
free, but they are closely guarded because ro bbery is feared. They have
great knowledge of their territory and, if they know that they are going
in a place with no trees at all, they bring fire-wood with them.; In war,
they uses an hit-and-run-away tactic if the raiding party is small, but
sometimes, when they are really low on food or slaves, they join in a
greater horde and try to get past the defenses of MChina. Sometimes they
fail, but sometimes they succeed . When they are past the defenses, they
split again in small groups in order to get more loot possible quickly
(note that smaller group are very rarely composed by more than 2 different
races). They search for gold, food or whatever they can need as quick a s
possible, then they escape to their territories. When they reach their
homeland, humanoids fight for get the best animals and stolen weapons and
armours. Anyway, slaves can be assigned only to important generals,
tribe-leaders or shamans.; Many hordes have an healer. It's a
humanoid-cleric who worship his race's own Immortal (see GAZ about Broken
Lands and Immortal boxed set for more infos) and have to heal the rulers.
It often forbidden to heal slaves in peace, but rulers may agree if they
are in war and they need soldier. The healer uses healing spells, but he
also is expert in preparing healing potions with vegetables (he can also
prepare many poisons...). Shamans are less common that healers. They are
magic users, but there are some difference with the human ones. They don't
have a spellbook: when they learn a spell, they tattoo it on their own
skin (humanoids cannot read and write, but shamans uses some k ind of
ideograms). Shamans can't learn many spells: they have a -4 penalty on the
maximum number of spells they can learn and also on the maximum
spell-level (therefore, there could be some exceptions for really very old
shamans, or for some humanoid hero es). When a shaman casts a spell, he
must shake his mystic sceptre (an artistic staff with a skull on it's top
and some precious gems in the skull), shout his magic words very loudly
and, if the spell is very powerful, dance. More power a shaman gets, mor e
valuable must be his sceptre (more gems, staff made of the finest wood, a
skull of an important MChinese....). Gabriele Ferri -
fif3336@iperbole.bologna.it
---------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

Just a question about humanoid's in MOrient.  Should we give them
something special to add in a bit of oriental favor to them.  I'm 
not really sure what though.  Perhaps just change their name a bit?
or something more.  One barbaric humanoid I like to add is something
about 7 feet tall, long hairy red fur grow all over their body, 
weird colored eyes, pointy nose, pointy teeth, eat raw meat, 
chew each others face as greeting custom, total savage and barbaric
in manner, walk around semi-naked, including the females.  That is
about all I can think of for now.  The description was Chinese's 
general conception of what westerner like a couple of hundreds of 
years ago :)  
----------------------------------------------------------------
>>Gabriele Ferri<<

on the 25th of July, Shelby Michlin asked: 
>Hey, this shaman is terrific! The tattoos, the sceptre, the shouting and 
>dancing, this is great! Anyone have anything similar for the "clerics?" 

Well, here it is... (I've got some inspiration on the GAZ about Ethengar...)

When an old healer dies, his soul is believed to travel to a child's body,
and place a mark on it.  So, when a horde loses his healer, humanoids 
begin to search for a baby-humanoid who has the sign. T his mark could be
different (a section of skin of a different colour, six fingers in a hand,
one ear missing, and so on...), but every 'dynasty', or every soul (as 
humanoids believe), has its characteristic mark. The humanoid-child is 
educated by the wise st and oldest member of the horde, and must pass many 
tests, varying from race to race. Note that the child have to demonstrate
his courage, resistance to pain, cold, hot, he must prove that he is 
totally evil. After the final test, one of the wisest memb ers give him a 
necklace made of bone of a animal. The healer will have to protect this 
animal race forever. The healer is now able to cast spells as a cleric, 
but with some restrictions:  healers aren't allowed to cast higher spell 
during combat since they need exceptional concentration and a ritual during
spellcasting. When an healer want to use his magic, he has to follow very 
complex rituals depending from the spell. Obviously, more a spell is 
powerful, more complex is the ritual: for example, Cure Mino r Wounds could
be used in combat since it requires a minor ritual like 'touch your head 
with your left hands'; but more powerful spells could require dancing, 
meditations, trance or even sacrifices. For every ritual, there is always
20% (or more) possibil ity of an event like a thunder, a falling star, 
wind or even the intervention of a party of adventurers, which disturbs 
the ritual. If the ritual is disturbed there are [80 - healer's wisdom]% 
possibility of miscasting. If the spell is miscast the magical power 
accumulated around the healer isn't controlled and cause 
[(1d4+2)*healer's level] HP damage plus some possible side-effects. To 
determine those side-effects, the DM can roll on a Wild Magic table or 
imagine an effect appropriate to the caster. If t he ritual is disturbed 
but the spell isn't miscast, the spell is lost with no effect. BTW, the 
rules about rituals could be also used by shamans...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DRAG.TXT
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

>Slight clarification.  The blue dragon was ordered to cause trouble by
>The chief god.  Generally the story goes like this.  People down in the
>mortal realm got too corrupted, or did something that angers the emperor
>of the god, he send down the blue dragon to end the dynasty, but right
>after that, some book keeping god mentioned that the current dynasty
>are fated to rule for many more years, so the emperor god send down
>the White Tiger to stop the Blue Dragon.

>> Lung Wang:  Sea Dragon, Ni

• Translated into Dragon King.  There are 4 of them, one for 
>each sea (east, south, north, west).  Quite important figures in
>celestial court, especially the one of east sea.  But often got
>beat up, then file compliant to the celestial court.

>> Pan Lung:  Coiled Dragon, CN

• Shouldn't be a different specie of dragon.  Dragon often 
>depicted in painting coiled together, like a snake.  But there
>are no Laying on top of Treasure Dragon ...

>>> Shen Lung:  Spirit Dragon, CN

>>	Don't know, could be god dragon?


Maybe avatars of the Great One and her three immortal colleagues are in 
order here.  Hmmm. there's four of them, just like there is four Dragon
Kings of the Sea.  We could do something neat for Mystara with this.
>>> Yu Lung:  Carp Dragon, N
>>	Fish Dragon.  My guess is the idea come from the Chinese
>>myth that in a certain rapid on Yang-Tzy river, carps often leap
>>out of water while swimming up river (like the salmon in the 
>>Pacific Northwest).  Legend say that if the carp can jump over
>>a point called Dragon Gate, they will get transformed into a 
>>dragon and flies away.
>The AD&D version of this dragon is a fish-like dragon that mutates into 
>one of the other dragon types when it reaches a certain age.  It is 
>interesting to see how far that depiction has strayed from the legend
>you cited.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

Omm, in Chinese's point of view, a dragon is probably about as awe
inspiring as an angel.  I don't think a dragon will let many people riding
it, and even if it does, most probably wouldn't dare to.  I mean, do you
think the commoner will have as much res pect to the Emperor (an
incarnation of a golden dragon) if dragon was mere mounts?  Dragon, could
be a guardian of some places, especially remote wilderness paradise or
some place of high magic.  Well, let me describe oriental dragon a bit
here.  I guess most people know what they look like: long bodied, no wing,
4 legs.  Dragons, for most part, are creature of water.  They live in the
seas or deep lakes.  I don't think all the dragon can fly either.  But all
of the more powerful one should, as they need to fly to the heaven,
generally for the banquet :) Most dragons are also very intelligent and
able to take human form.  Dragons also have to job of controlling the
rainfall.  However, dragons doesn't seems to be very powerful physically. 
In the folk tal es they often got beat up, even the dragon kings.  Some
dragon are also very lecherous.  They can mate with almost anything, and
the offspring sometime became more powerful version of the other parent,
sometime became powerful monster. BTW, let me reiterate again that I point
out things like this just to let people know what is true to mythical
China and what is not.  It does not mean I reject a certain idea.  If most
people felt a cavalry of dragons is cool, lets go with that.  However, I
think dragons should be rarer to maintain its mystic. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

In dealing with dragons in MChina, we have two forces to contend with:  on
the one hand, we want to depict dragons as Chinese legend depicts them,
but on the other hand, we want to preserve the unique Mystaran treatment
of dragons.  What does that mean?  Here is what I would suggest: 1) Except
for gold dragons, no metallic dragons exist on Mystara.  That is no
problem—I would see gold dragons as the best accepted dragon rulers for
MChina. 2) Most Mystaran dragons are of the chromatic variety.  I would
regard these dragons as rare visitors to MChina who only occasionally
succeed in becoming emperor.  The blue dragon (which does exist in
Mystara) was mentioned as the archetypal "evil" dragon .  Fine—let's have
at least one such blue dragon as a tyrant in MChina's past. 3) Gemstone
dragons are, according to the Dragonlord trilogy, intruders from an
alternate plane of existence.  Unless they have a significant role in
Chinese mythology, I would exclude them from MChina. 4) Finally, the AD&D
game does have a number of oriental dragons, whose place in MChina we
should consider: 

Chiang Lung:  River Dragon, LN-LG
Li Lung:  Earth Dragon, N
Lung Wang:  Sea Dragon, N
Pan Lung:  Coiled Dragon, CN
Shen Lung:  Spirit Dragon, CN
T'ien Lung:  Celestial Dragon, LN
Tun Mi Lung:  Typhoon Dragon, NE
Yu Lung:  Carp Dragon, N

If any of these translations are incorrect, then TSR fouled them up—I took
them all straight from the Monstrous Compendium/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

Hello again, Still working on Averoigne and gnoll I've found time to
search the net about Chinese stuff. I found two sites which could be of
interest : www.waltontech.com/ch/culture/index.htm There you'll find many
informations about Chinese fairy tales, astrology, religion, philosophy
and so on... zow00.desy.de:8000/~hungbhy/rpg.html This a page about a rpg
set in a Chinese setting. Of course we are working on original stuff but
maybe some ideas could be borrowed, and reading such pages could give us a
Chinese mood. About dragons I prefer to think that the whole country is
the Dragon (does this theory belong to Chinese alchemy)...The wall is its
spine, the chasm its bowels, when it rains the Dragon cries or sweats,
when there is thunder the Dragon roars or fights. Far below the temple
city of the Emperor there's a cave where the Emperor drinks the blood of
the Dragon to have immortality and full knowledge of its land and its
inhabitant. But the more blood the Emperor drinks the more its soul
dissolves in the land a nd in the spirit of the Dragon. Some Emperors are
so close to the Dragon, and so so far from the 'reality' that they have to
be removed. The spirit of the Dragon inhabits every inhabitants of MChina
so when there's a revolution it's an idea of the Dragon, so say the
priests close to the people. The Dragon has enemies from the inside and
from the outside. Inside enemies, sometimes called worms or diseases, want
to take control of the Dragon or they want to corrupt it (by drugs,
alcohol). They are like hunters who want a part of an animal (its fur ,
its meat, its feathers) ignoring their greed will kill the animal, they
don't see the Dragon as a whole thing. Outside enemies are the beasts who
roams around the Dragon to kill it, you got the Hyena (the gnoll nation),
the Raven (some barbarians, maybe Jennites) and so on. In fact every
nation got an animal name, and of course there's a legend about each
animal o r monsters. I thought of this as I wrote it, I hope my English
will improve. About bookkeeping, maybe is it time to make a list of all
the ideas we had. That would be better than checking all the post. As I
remember there's some central questions : · Where is MChina ? · What are
its neighbors ? · What is MChina ? 

Maybe it would be better to have an agreement about the organization of
our work before Joe Duncan suffocates under the great number of posts ;)
Would it be possible to take the presentation of a GAZ and then dispatch
the work in groups. A group working on flora and fauna, another one on
religion, one on magic, one on government and so on. Of course it's
impossible to design a nation in this manne r if every workgroups doesn't
exchange its works every week. That's just an idea, any comments ? Pascal
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

<< That's a really nice idea of having dynasties of dragons. I also
figured that he would assume human form to interact with his subjects not
to deceive them, but for convenience. However, I do see another
possibility that should be considered.  If the dragon-emperor rules in
human form, he would be expected to gat her a harem of human wives.  The
result could be a large number of half-dragon noble offspring.  So the
elite warriors of MChina would not be dragon riders but half-dragons.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

Perhaps dragon blood is needed for being a nobility.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

In a message dated 96-07-26 03:11:58 EDT, dleland@cogsci.ucsd.edu (David
'Azure' Leland) writes: << I recently got the Council of Wyrms boxed set,
and there are rules for half-dragon PCs (or NPCs, for that matter) within.
>> There is one critical difference between the half-dragons of MChina and
those of _Council of Wyrms_:  The MChina half-dragons would be half-human
and thus have no racial abilities to give up for dragon abilities.  But
Dragon #206 proposes a way of handlin g such characters:  they simply gain
one dragon ability per even level until they reach maximum level. One
interesting possibility that we might want to introduce into an MChina
campaign is that a half-dragon who reaches maximum level could go on some
sort of quest to become a full dragon.  If he is successful, he will
become his father's heir.  At that po int, of course, he would be retired
from play and become an NPC (if he isn't one already). 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>Simon<<

I've always liked the idea that whenever a dragon moves, the world shakes. 
By that I mean to say dragons are only personally involved in the biggest
events of the continent. This has not been the case with how AD&D dragons
are portrayed, but I think this sort of atmosphere would be particularly
appropriate for an oriental setting. This, however, also implies : a)
dragons are old b) there aren't that many of them; there are certainly no
"young" dragons for would-be adventurers to go out and slay as the baddie
of the week. c) they're whopping powerful

As an aside, I have an oriental setting I created for an RPG I'm working
on.  It's quite lengthy, and only part done (but enough to play off), so I
wasn't sure whether to post it or not, for ideas and feedback since the
list is presently concerned with ma king an oriental setting. If anyone is
interested in seeing this, and critiquing this, e-mail me privately at
"seah@sfu.ca" Simon
:)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

In fact, I would recommend that any Western adventurer in MChina who
mentions slaying dragons would henceforth be treated by the locals as the
barbarian that they always suspected him of being.  To get an idea of how
much such an adventurer would be loath ed, picture an Eastern adventurer
who shows up in MEurope and casually talks about killing kings and
bishops.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

·About dragons I prefer to think that the whole country is the Dragon (does 
·this theory belong to Chinese alchemy)...The wall is its spine, the chasm 
·its bowels, when it rains the Dragon cries or sweats, when there is thunder 
·the Dragon roars or fights.

Based on Chinese's creation myth, a giant pop out an egg when the universe
was in primal chaos.  He pushed sky and earth apart, then after he died,
his blood became rivers/ocean, hair became forest, eyes became sun and
moon, etc.  But we could substitute him with a dragon. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>Jenni Merrifield<<

Mystarans: I'm was thinking of looking into Oriental Mythology and Folk
Lore for the purpose of developing some MOrient Specific Monsters.  The
Orient is full of interesting and unusual creatures that we could really
make use of.  There are probably some which will actually be modified
variants on existing standard monsters too. And, we definitely need to
develop an MOrient "Dragon".  I would suspect that standard "Dragons"
could also live near the MOrient, but they would be much rarer than the
"Emperor Dragons", and would not be accorded the same level of respect
that the "Emper or Dragons" were given, since they are not really of the
same ilk. Actually, I just remembered, I have a book a borrowed from my
Mother called "Dragons, A Natural History" that includes some information
on Oriental Dragons (Both the Chinese and Japanese types).  It might be of
some interest to share some of the informati on from it with the list for
further perusal.  I'll try to post it in the next couple of days (after I
manage to find the book...) That's all! -=< strawberryJAMM >=-
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>Jenni Merrifield<<

Mystarans: At the bottom of this post is a (somewhat lengthy) discussion
of Oriental Dragons as taken from the book "Dragons, A Natural History",
by Dr. Karl Shuker.  While the dragons of the MOrient will most likely be
significantly different, I thought this inform ation might be a good hook
up for our imaginations.  In particular, the maturing process is
interesting, though I suspect it would need a lot of modification.  I also
think the point about the "five toed" version of the azure "spiritual
dragon" being the insignia of the emperor could prove useful—perhaps the
ranks of "nobility" of the dragons (and half-dragons) in MChina depend on
the number of claws they have.  (in other words, the number of claws would
prove an individual's lineage). Comments?  Ideas?  Brain Storms?  Please
post! -=< strawberryJAMM >=-
===========================================================================
Oriental Dragon exhibit many fundamental differences from their Western
counterparts, in particular, their ability to fly even when wingless;
their generally benevolent nature and relationship with people; and the
reverence for these ethereal dragons held by the people of these
countries.  "Indeed, many of the East's most ancient and august human
lineage's actually claim descent from them." According to Wang Fu (active
during the Han dynasty, 206BC - AD220), the Chinese dragon is actually
composed of a very complex combination of features, drawn from nine very
distinct entities:  head of a camel, eyes of a demon, ears of a cow, horns
are the branched antlers of a stag, neck of a snake, belly of a clam, the
soles of its feet are a tiger's, claws are an eagle's and the 117 scales
sheathing its long body are those of a carp.  Of these scales, 81 are
infused with "yang" (benevolent essence) and 36 with "yin" (malign
essence) for although Oriental dragons are primarily benign, their
influence can sometimes be malevolent too.  "Even its voice is ambivalent: 
likened to the jingling of copper pans, it is neither mellifluous nor
cacophonous." The male dragon's potent power is said to derive from a
large, luminous pearl which is concealed under its chin or throat by folds
of skin.  Part of this power included an adept ability at shape changing,
good enough to successfully emulate the human form . The Chinese dragon is
said to mature and metamorphosis over a period of 3000 years.  First it is
hatched from a gemlike egg laid 1000 years earlier, it starts life as a
water snake which takes 500 years to develop the head of a carp.  It is
now known as a "kiao".  Over the next 1000 years it continues its fishlike
development and acquires the scales of a carp, and develops four short
limbs with four sharp claws each, an elongated tail, and a bearded face. 
It is now called a "kiao-lung" or simply a "lung" which translates as
"deaf" because although it has ears, they do not work.  During the next
500 years, the "lung" grows a pair of horns—through which it can hear. 
Now it is known as a "kioh-lung" which is the most familiar form of the
Chinese dragon, ho wever it has still not completed its metamorphosis. 
After yet another 1000 years, it will gain the rarest characteristics of
the Oriental Dragon:  a series of branching wings.  "Fully mature at last,
the winged dragon is termed a "ying-lung" and is truly a wonder to
behold." There are several types of Chinese dragons, but the four most
important ones are: 

1) "t'ien lung"     -- the celestial dragon, protector of
		       the heavens and
                       guarding of the gods' heavenly abodes.
2) "shen-lung"      -- the spiritual dragon, the azure-scaled master of storms
                       and skyborne bringer of rain.
3) "ti-lung"        -- the dragon of land, stream and river, which spends 
                       springtime in heaven and autumn in the sea.
4) "fu-ts'ang lung" -- the treasure dragon, keeper of secret hoards of
		       priceless jewels and precious metals within the deepest, 
		       darkest vaults of the earth.

A special "breed" of the "shen-lung" which had five toes was known as the
"imperial dragon" and only the emperor of China was permitted to use this
image for decorative purposes.  "The penalty imposed upon anyone
appropriating this insignia was death." Other notable Chinese dragons
include the yellow dragon or dragon horse, a divine messenger that arose
from the River Lo, revealing the eight trigrams of the system of
divination known as the I-Ching; the human-bodied fire dragon "lung-wang"
(i.e., he has the head of a dragon on the body of a human) the immortal
dragon king, inhabiting an opulent palace on the ocean floor; and the
thunder dragon, with obsidian scales, which often transforms itself into a
small boy whose skin is bright ultra-marine and who rides upon a scarlet
carp. 

But, the oddest Chinese dragon would be the "t'ao t'ieh", which has only
one head and a single pair of forelegs, but two bodies, each with its own
pair of hind legs and tail.  "Exiled to the outer darkness of space in the
second millennium BC by the emperor Shin, this six-legged monster
personifies gluttony, which is the literal translation of its name, and it
is often depicted on dishes as a deterrent to greed." The Chinese dragon
and the Japanese dragon are superficially similar, although the Japanese
ones tend to be more serpentine in shape and are less prominently aerial. 
The most familiar Japanese dragon is th "tatsu" which descended from a
primitive variety of Chinese dragon.  Unlike its ancestor, it is
traditionally associated more intimately with the sea than with rain · for
Japan is less vulnerable than China to drought-related devastation,
reducing the necessity to pray to rain-releasing dragon deities.

===========================================================================
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

Thanks about the post, now I know where did TSR and SJG got some of their
ideas from.  However, some of the info below doesn't quite seems right to
me.  It probably are not wrong, just not the popular description of
dragons.  For example, someone writing about Arthurian legend might
describe Lancelot as average looking perhaps even slightly malformed. 
While that is correct based on some of the older works, it is not the way
he is commonly described as today.  Of course, as our creation are just
based on China's folk tale, it doesn't really matter which folk tale we
draw our idea from.  But I just like to point out the following passage by
no mean is the only description of dragons. 

·"five toed" version of the azure "spiritual dragon" being the insignia of the 
·emperor could prove useful—perhaps the ranks of "nobility" of the dragons > (and half-dragons) in MChina depend on the number of claws they have.  > (in other words, the number of claws would prove an individual's lineage).

This is almost certain to be a mistake.  Emperor's insignia is a 5-toed
gold dragon.  Major officials can wear robes with 4-toed dragon (I'm not
certain about the color of those dragons).  Next tier wear 3-toed dragon
robe. 

·face.  It is now called a "kiao-lung" or simply a "lung" which translates as 
·"deaf" because although it has ears, they do not work.  During the next 500 

Where the name "lung" (Chinese for dragon, pronounced more like "lone" as
in alone in Mandarin) come from is in constant debate. 

·1) "t'ien lung"     -- the celestial dragon, protector of the heavens and
.	guarding of the gods' heavenly abodes.
·2) "shen-lung"      -- the spiritual dragon, the azure-scaled master of storms
·       and skyborne bringer of rain.
·3) "ti-lung"        -- the dragon of land, stream and river, which spends 
·	springtime in heaven and autumn in the sea.
·4) "fu-ts'ang lung"—the treasure dragon, keeper of secret hoards of
·	priceless jewels and precious metals within the 
·	deepest, darkest vaults of the earth.

I don't think this is a popular way of dividing dragons.
·	"The penalty imposed upon anyone appropriating this insignia was death."

Actually, it probably going to be much worse ...
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

I'm also thinking about several different ways that we can treat the
Dragon emperor.  One is that the emperor is a true dragon is known to
every one and no one will question his authority.  This will make the
campaign in MChina more static. Another is that the emperor SHOULD be a
dragon, but no one knows for sure.  This will add more court intrigue into
the campaign as all of the contenders for the position of emperor like to
think they are the true dragon and try to convince others of that too. 
The Dragon Throne is probably a powerful artifact that kill any normal
human sits on there.  One needs to have special blood or spirit inside to
safely sit on it, but he not necessarily have to be a dragon, as other
animal incarnation could also sit on it.  So by just sitting on the Throne
can't be used as a test.  Just a few ideas that popped into my head.  Feel
free to make any comments.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
MCHINA.TXT
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

That "Empire of the Great Khan" on the old Master's map seems like a natural
place to start.  I would picture it as the most advanced nation on the
continent, but one that has had little contact with the rest of the world
for several
centuries. Since it covers a huge area, you could easily use the Chinese
empire of the
Ming dynasty period as a model for it (from reading a brief summary of
Chinese history, this period seems the most appropriate—China begins that
era as a seafaring power that withdraws into itself and ends that era with
ever increasing influence by European explorers).  The biggest difference
that I 
would see is that this empire is almost completely landlocked—if it had a
substantial coast, the Alphatians would not be so completely ignorant of it.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

Something I forgot to mentioned in an earlier post about magical
resources in MChina.  MChina probably don't have that many magic
users as that is probably not as a honorable a profession as 
being a fighter.  Commoners might be scared of known magic-user.
But there always seems to be a bunch of powerful magical items
laying around for hero of the story :)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

After reviewing the scanty "official" material about Skothar, I have come
to realize that this continent just begs for further development. 
Referring to Dragon #153, where the "Princess Ark" series begins, I see
many place names from the old Master's set given, along with commentary by
Prince Haldemar stating that all of it is wrong.  However, he seems to
overstate his case—at least one of the nations whose existence he
rejected, Tangor, actually exists on Mystara.  I would suggest that he was
equally mistaken about the "Empire of the Great Khan" in central Skothar,
which the Alphatians never explored because they never got past the
Jennites and Minaeans of the coastal regions.  This would be the perfect
location for a culture based on that of China.  This "Great Empire" was
originally settled by Jennite nomads and was prey to attacks from them
until they were weakened by a civil war that destroyed many of the nomads
and caused many others to be transported to the Ho llow World.  If you
want a "Great Wall" to exist, it is certainly conceivable that they would
have built one between the Empire and the Steppes of Jen. Anyway, once the
Jennites were out of the picture, the "Great Empire" began its rise to
greatness.  Eventually they became so powerful that their enemies—the
Jennite nomads to the northwest, the Minaean pirates to the southwest, and
the Nentsun humanoids of the surrounding mountains—were forced to respect
their borders.  They built a single seaport next to the Sea of Zamara and
sent out trading expeditions all over the world but avoided "barbaric,
uncivilized" areas such as Alphatia, Bellisaria, the Isle of Dawn, and the
continent of Brun (in short, all of the "Known World"). For various
reasons, they regarded the Alphatians and later Thyatians as barbarians of
the worst sort, and the sack of their seaport by the Alphatians ca. 700 AC
only confirmed this attitude—as well as initiating a period of
isolationism from which the Gr eat Empire has not yet emerged.  (For their
part, the Alphatians thought that the seaport they sacked was a Minaean
pirate base.)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

·	I would suggest that he was equally mistaken about the "Empire of the 
·	Great Khan" in central Skothar, which the Alphatians never explored 
·	because they never got past the Jennites and Minaeans of the coastal 
·	regions.  This would be the perfect location for a culture based on that
·	of China.  This "Great Empire" was originally settled by Jennite nomads
·	and was prey to attacks from them until they were weakened by a civil
·	war that destroyed many of the nomads and caused many others to be
·	transported to the Hollow World.  If you want a "Great Wall" to exist, 
·	it is certainly conceivable that they would have built one between the
·       Empire and the Steppes of Jen.

The name Khan is a Mongolian term, not Chinese.  BTW, I point these things
out just to let people know, does not mean I'm against the idea.  This
could be a mistranslation by the Known World explorer, for example. 

·Anyway, once the Jennites were out of the picture, the "Great Empire" 
·began its rise to greatness.  Eventually they became so powerful that 
·their enemies—the Jennite nomads to the northwest, the Minaean pirates 
·to the southwest, and the Nentsun humanoids of the surrounding mountains 

>-- were forced to respect their borders.  They built a single seaport next
to 
> the Sea of Zamara and sent out trading expeditions all over the world but 
> avoided "barbaric, unc ivilized" areas such as Alphatia, Bellisaria, the
Isle 
> of Dawn, and the continent of Brun (in short, all of the "Known World"). 

One possible explanation that MChina never made contact with the Known
World.  China never developed a strong navy, and through out its history,
there was only one famous navigator/explorer.  This is probably due to
Chinese belief that the dead's body has to be buried in its homeland or
the sprite will not able to rest.  Therefore Chinese never like to go out
to the sea where an accident could cause the body to be lost in the bottom
of the ocean, where it going to be nibbled at by the sea life, which is a
lso a very bad thing (Chinese like to be buried with a "full body" so
beheading is a much worse punishment than hanging, for example).  And
since there are no overland route to the Known World (I'm not exactly sure
about this as I have no Mystara stuff wi th me at the school), MChina
never made contact with KW nations, with maybe the exception of a few very
brave adventurers. 

·	For various reasons, they regarded the Alphatians and later Thyatians 
·	as barbarians of the worst sort, and the sack of their seaport by the 
·	Alphatians ca. 700 AC only confirmed this attitude—as well as initiating 
·	a period of isolationism from which the Great Empire has not yet emerged.  

> (For their part, the Alphatians thought that the seaport they sacked was a 
> Minaean pirate base.)

Due to Chinese xenophobic and egocentric attitude, they pretty much call
every body else barbarians.  It will be interesting to put a few
"barbarians" nations close to MChina that is actually more advanced than
MChina.  Even more so if it is a humanoid na tion, perhaps the demi-ogres? 
BTW, can some one relay me some info regarding to the demi-ogres, I don't
remember reading about them, nor could I very easily go look them up at
this time. 

.	Once in
·	a while a human Mage pretending to be a dragon assumes power, but such
·	impostors are generally deposed after a brief but bloody civil war.

Neat!  Put a new spin on Chinese belief that their emperors are
incarnations of dragons.  BTW, please be aware that Chinese dragon are
very different from the western dragons.  The "bad" dragon in Chinese myth
are the blue dragon (what is a good color wor d for light sky blue? 
Azure?) and he might be unique.  Actually since Chinese believe that many
of the important and special people in its history are incarnation of
heavenly beast or star magistrates, perhaps most of the nobles and upper
class people ar e actually magical beings.  Only the commoners are human. 
I will think about this a bit and see if I can tie all this up into
something. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

I think it would be nice to put this together like a gazetteer in the end,
hopefully having more than one... Now for the actual Mystara stuff: I like
the idea of having the wall thing be underground.  Perhaps a chasm would
be good too, as Kaviyd mentioned, and it still could be sort of an
underground wall.  It could be the major place where the land of luxury
above and the war below met, if we u se that idea.  I don't think it's
such a good idea to isolate and divide the area so much, with powerful
magic, like fire or lightning or mind affecting stuff.  I think the wall
should greatly hinder attacks, but not totally. Someone mentioned secret
societies too.  The wall area would be a good place, maybe for some cloak
and dagger sort of stuff, between the two(or more) sides in the war and
the outside if its a chasm or something with access to the outside.  An
interesting place for a fortress or something of a secret society would be
in or near the wall... in a hidden cavern... the bottom of the chasm (if
we decide to use it), etc.  It might be funny to have a weird gnoll secret
society too. The Empire of the great Khan is a large area of grassland,
with some steppes nearby, and Shin Chyang Yu mentioned the name Khan is a
Mongolian term, not Chinese.  I personally think that this area is
obviously a Mongol sort of culture, because of these re asons. Perhaps it
would be better to have MChina somewhere else.  I am quite glad that the
list is actively making stuff for Mystara, but I think it's much better to
build upon what is there instead of changing it.  That way maybe more
Mystara fans would like it, and it would be more official, you know.  Oh,
I'm not saying that it absolutely was intended to be Mongolian, but don't
you think it seems like it probably was?  Hmmm, does anyone know who made
the Master's map?  Maybe we could ask them if they h ad anything in mind
for the area...  Oh, I just remembered someone mentioned the Master's set
map being wrong, because Prince Haldemar explored the area.  Sadly, in
Champions of Mystara, all the info isn't there from the Dragon magazine
series.  Could someone perhaps elaborate on the article , and review the
series that deals with the area?  We should all know whether Haldemar's
observations seem valid or not, because if not, I think we should go by
the Masters map. They contradict each other so we should find out which is
more logical.  If his observations seem real, I agree that it would be the
*perfect* place for MChina. That's a really nice idea of having dynasties
of dragons. In this posting I disagreed with some people's ideas, I only
mean it as discussion so please don't take any of it as flaming. That's
all for now. David Melik darwin@gp.magick.net

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

·	>itself are generally very egocentric.  Some of the names that have
·	>been used are Middle Kingdom, God Continent, Central Prime, 
·	>Middle Plain, etc.  How about a transliteration of one of those 
·	>name?  Such as Chung-Kuo, Shen-Cho, Chung-Eun, etc.?
        > 
·I completely agree with the avoidance of real-world names; I simply use them
·for convenience at this point.  Which version of Chinese (language system)
·are these names? (I like them)

I only speak mandarin.  Of the three names I listed above, I prefer
Chung-Eun a bit more because Chung-Kuo are still been used and Shen-Cho
(continent of god) might run into some confusion with the God/immortal
stuff even though the god been used there is probably just an adjective to
describe how grand the place is.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

·	> >itself are generally very egocentric.  Some of the names that have
·	> >been used are Middle Kingdom, God Continent, Central Prime, 
·	> >Middle Plain, etc.  How about a transliteration of one of those 
·	> >name?  Such as Chung-Kuo, Shen-Cho, Chung-Eun, etc.?

Central Prime, yeah!  :) 'And my son, so as there are many planes of
existence, and as the one we live in is the central one of them, the plane
of Prime-material, just as well is our divine and eternal country in the
exact center of the Prime plane and so we can call it Central P rime. We
are truly in the true heart and center of the multiverse, and in the exact
point, in the exact centre of the Multiverse, Universe and Prime is the
Seat of our Emperor, the Dragon.' Pasi

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

·About the war below earth, do you know why some Chinese generals were 
·buried with statues of their soldiers...Because they weren't statues but 
·real soldiers who were petrified while guarding the body of their 
·prince. This is gnoll magic !

As far as I can remember, only emperors buried with the stone statues.  In
a fantasy realm, those statues should definitely have some real power. 
BTW, a bit earlier in Chinese history, living people was buried with the
emperor.  They probably will became undead guardian after a while.  Now I
think a bit more, I think nobles and any one wealthy probably have stone
statues buried with them, just not nearly to the extent of the emperors.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

In a message dated 96-07-25 04:18:18 EDT, darwin@magick.net (David Melik)
writes: 

<< Oh, I just remembered someone mentioned the Master's set map being wrong,
because Prince Haldemar explored the area. >>

Skothar seems to be the one continent that Haldemar never visited, but he
did cite a number of instances that showed errors in the Master's set map
in other areas.  But he did decide to retain many of the place names, even
though they later turned out to be inappropriate.  Since the Master's set
map gives us nothing but names, it is of little help except as a spur to
the imagination.  I took the scanty information on that map, combined it
with other known information, and created the Great Empire and othe r
nations of Skothar. The region labeled "Empire of the Great Khan" on the
Master's set map is my proposed location for MChina.  Although the people
of this country are ultimately descended from the Jennites and thus from
horse nomads much like the Mongols, they would now have a more sedentary
culture that could be patterned after that of China in the real world. 
This difference in their most ancient history should pose even fewer
problems than the descent of the Ochaleans from the ancient Alphatians
does. Incidentally, one assumption behind my work was that Haldemar could
be mistaken but would not knowingly perpetrate a fraud.  Thus, if he
believes (as the available material indicates) that Skothar is a totally
uncivilized continent, then that means that t he Alphatians have had no
recent contact with civilized Skotharians.  Thus the Jennites and Minaeans
are savage nomads and pirates, respectively, while MChina and the Tanagoro
were for various reasons isolated from Alphatia and the nations further
west. In the case of MChina, that nation could be larger than Alphatia and
yet remain hidden—it would have a population greater than that of
Alphatia, along with a national philosophy that favors dealing with
foreign problems by avoiding them.  For most of Myst ara's history, MChina
is a sleeping giant, and anyone powerful enough to realize the truth about
this nation should be wise enough to let it continue sleeping.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>David Leland<<

By the way, I think it would be neat if it the supposed dragon ruler(s) of
MChina NEVER take dragon form in front of human subjects.  It could be
incredibly taboo, like punishable by death to see the ruler in draconian
form.  Then you could have a really interesting situation in that it would
not be clearly evident that the ruler actually IS a dragon.  It would
largely be a matter of faith and (in secret) debate among the populace
that the ruler is a real dragon and not just using it as some epithet for
a uthority.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

<<         It should only have access to the sea on it's eastern border. That
would  limit it's possible contact with Alphatia.  >>

I think you are going too far in making real world analogies here.  The
problem with MChina having access to a sea on its eastern border is that
the geography of Skothar is simply unsuitable for that purpose.  China's
coastal regions are lowlands, while t he eastern coast of Skothar is
almost completely mountainous. However, given the general lack of interest
in exploration by China/MChina, eliminating the coast of MChina entirely
would not drastically distort matters. If you consider area 10 to be too
big for MChina, I would recommend as an alternative dividing the region in
two.  The western half would be inhabited by semi-nomadic Jennite tribes,
while the eastern half would be MChina.  This region would be sufficient
ly isolated by its geography that Alphatia would have no reason to
investigate it.  Furthermore, its westernmost border would be located in
an area well beyond Alphatia's reach.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

Since there seems to be greatest interest in China, perhaps we should
start with a Chinese culture, I suggest the north and west shores of
Tangor Bay.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

·In the case of MChina, that nation could be larger than Alphatia and yet
·remain hidden—it would have a population greater than that of Alphatia
·and even greater magical resources, along with a national philosophy that
·favors dealing with foreign problems by avoiding them.  For most of

Although MChina might have greater magical resources, they should be not
as organized as Alphatia.  Most of the really powerful magic user are more
interested in study by himself in some secluded mountain than join a guild
or involve in politics. 

·Mystara's history, MChina is a sleeping giant, and anyone powerful enough
·to realize the truth about this nation should be wise enough to let it
·continue
·sleeping.

"Let Chung-Eun sleep, for if it wakes, Mystara will be sorry" slightly
modified quote of Napoleon :)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WALL.TXT
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

•	We could get more ideas from real China's historical background... what
about the Great Wall? 

What do you want to know about it?  Few bits of info on it.  The Great
Wall was build twice.  First time about 2000 years ago, but that look
more like a long earth mound, at least that is what it look like after
all those years of erosion.  The nice looking stone wall was build few
hundred years ago along/on top of the old GW.  But I often see people 
point at the new wall but quote the old wall's build date.  Also, the
wall is manned only a few strategic fortresses along the wall.  Most
of the wall is not manned.  The wall's main purpose, I believe, was
just to intimidate and prevent easy troop movement.  The wall also
follow closely to "rain line."  That the regions south of the wall
receive enough rain for agriculture, but north of the wall was too
dry for that.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

I did put some fairly significant limitations on those mind affecting 
powers: they only work on invaders from the northwest, and then only if they 
fail their saving throws.  Thus, an invading army (made up mostly of zero-
level soldiers) would be thrown into chaos, but high level adventurers could
most likely get through.
Also, the wall/chasm does not extend all the way to the sea, so it is quite
possible to go around the wall—you just have to fight a few more Jennites,
Minaeans, or other barbarians in the process.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

Either way, the Alphatians would eventually figure out that there is
something very peculiar about this region.  Unfortunately, they would most
likely have
made this discovery ca. 1003 AC, and subsequent events would have quite
effectively distracted them from investigating further for at least a 
decade.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>David Melik<<

At 05:24 PM 7/25/96 PDT, you wrote:
><<<David Melik pontificated:
>> I like the idea of having the wall thing be underground.  Perhaps a chasm 
>> would be good too, as Kaviyd mentioned, and it still could be sort of an 
>> underground wall.  It could be the major place where the land of luxury 
>> above and the war below met, if we use that idea.  I don't think it's such a 
>> good idea to isolate and divide the area so much, with powerful magic, like 
>> fire or lightning or mind affecting stuff.  I think the wall should greatly 
>> hinder attacks, but not totally.
>
>Well, I wasn't intended for it to be impenetrable.  Just something that 
>is really impressive looking and maybe hurt a bit.  If you are just an 
>average grunt orc, do you want to go through a big wall of lightning 
>even if it might only do a point or two of damage if you run very
>quickly.  Also, along the wall, there will be regular fort that 
>allows travelers and traders to pass through.  But that is just mine 
>idea.  A big underground wall is a pretty cool idea too, just not 
>as impressive looking.  I sort of want the wall to be a major land 
>mark.

There's no reason why we can't have both an over and underground wall...
That way it would fit with keeping the barbarians overground out, and that 
neat idea of a land of luxury with a bloody war below could still be used.
What does everyone think about that?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

I like the idea of having the wall thing be underground.  Perhaps a chasm
would be good too, as Kaviyd mentioned, and it still could be sort of an
underground wall.  It could be the major place where the land of luxury
above and the war below met, if we u se that idea.  I don't think it's
such a good idea to isolate and divide the area so much, with powerful
magic, like fire or lightning or mind affecting stuff.  I think the wall
should greatly hinder attacks, but not totally. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

The idea of just a big stone wall seems to be a bit unoriginal.  I really
like another poster comment about a underground wall.  Or we go even
farther.  How about a wall of fire, or ice, or lightning? The China
equivalent should have pretty high magical p ower that it can use, and
probably have quite a few artifact that has been passed down from long
time ago. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

·I read a post about the Great Wall...Maybe this wall could be below earth 
·to prevent invasion from the Mystara underdark, such as deep gnolls (I'm 
·really fond of gnolls, don't ask me why...). Just imagine hordes of gnolls 
·running in tunnels attacked by groups of 'tunnel rats'. Imagine a land of 
·pleasure and delicacy below which rages a bloody war...

I like this idea alot.  The wall should definitely be something
interesting.  It might not even have to be that effective just have to be
very, very intimating.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
MJAP.TXT
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>Scott Johnson<<

·We not necessarily have to limit ourselves to one MJapan.  If people like
·we could develop one MJapan at region more close to its real world 
·counterpart, and another one at the tropic in Zyxl (perhaps a old 
·colonization attempt that later lost contact with the mother country).
·It would be interesting to see what a tropical Japan will be like.
·Beside consider we already have a hot desert right next to a 
·Scandinavian region already, a little temperature change can also be
·explained with various way. 

I was thinking of something like that, and even had an idea of how to
explain Zyxl as being mid-temperate to cold despite its latitude. 
Basically, one of Japan's creation myths involves a giant dragon being
slain, and I believe its body became part of Ja pan.  (It's been a while
since I read the myth.) In Mystara, it would be quite possible to imagine
a myth of an epic battle with an immense white dragon, so cold that when
it died and fell into the ocean, it chilled the waters and lands for
hundreds of m iles around, for thousands of years, and its body was
covered in ice and became one of the northernmost points of Zyxl.  (I also
recall the battle involving the legendary three treasures of the Emperor -
the sword, the mirror, and the curved jewel, which could easily be real
magic items or even artifacts in MJapan.) What do people think of this
idea?  (It doesn't even have to be a factual legend - just the way the
people of Zyxl believe it to be.  The real reason might be ancient magic,
or Immortal inter vention, or some combination of those with the events of
the legend, or something else.) Also, I'm considering combing my kanji
dictionary to create an appropriate name for MJapan that would *sound* a
little like Zyxl, so that when Thyatian explorers come across the island,
they can continue calling it Zyxl just as our European explorers cal led
the islands of Nippon Japan.  Any opinions of that?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>Scott Johnson<<

·Lets see, the dragon part sounds good to me, and so does immortal
·intervention/ancient magic, like a powerful being got mad because the dragon
·was slain and did something like froze the area.  Or Blackmoor could have
·something to do with it.

An idea: Zyxl, as it is today, was founded by refugees from MChina.  (It's
aboriginal inhabitants, Mystaran counterparts to the Ainu, were already
there, but slowly driven towards extinction by the MChinese immigrants. 
I'm still thinking about whether th e MAinu should just be another human
culture, or perhaps representatives of a demi-human race.) This would
explain why its culture is somewhat similar to MChina's despite the great
distance.  They were fleeing due to a civil war, or an act of great treaso
n, or something of the like, in which they were on the side opposite of
the Emperor.  Whatever it was, it was enough that the Emperor of MChina
felt they deserved the ultimate punishment, so horrible that one could
live a millennium without ever seeing it : the Emperor took his true
dragon form, utterly immense, and set out to slay the refugees by his own
hand.  (Or talon, or whatever.) He chased the refugees a great distance,
preventing them from stopping at any of the seemingly-habitable lands they
came across on the way. But finally, one refugee, a great hero of theirs,
confronted the Emperor in the waters and sky east of Skothar, near Zyxl,
and in an epic battle, slew him.  The refugees were jubilant, and crowned
this hero their first Emperor, and he eventually ascended to the ranks of
the Immortals (Dynast or Epic Hero would seem to work for him). The
Immortals who watched over MChina and the MChinese Emperor were less
pleased, and cursed Zyxl to eternal chill, perhaps shutting off its
central volcan o (Mt. Fuji?).  Over time, the legend grew to the point
where people now believe that the isle (isles?) of Zyxl *is* the Imperial
Dragon's corpse.  (All this assumes that MChina has a dragon Emperor, of
course, as has been suggested elsewhere.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>Scott Johnson<<

·But remember that the Gombarians also use the name Zyxl, so the distortion
·should not be too extreme.  But from what little I know of the Japanese 
·language, "Zyxl" is even more alien to them than it is to English speakers.
> 

Well, something like 'Jikushiru' might work - in Japanese, 'u's tend not
to get voiced as much, so it sounds like 'Jikshir', and the Japanese 'r'
is halfway between the English 'r' and 'l', so it becomes more 'Jikshil'
if you like - which is almost a Japa nese pronunciation of 'Zyxl.'
Certainly not much farther off than Nippon is from Japan.  Also, who's to
say that those Gombaran documents actually said Zyxl?  They're supposedly
written in the Gombaran language, I'd presume, so they've theoretically
been translated into English - and if that's so, assuming they weren't
focusing on Zyxl, they wouldn't have wanted to bother with a note saying
'(This is the island known on the maps you have as 'Zyxl.')' So
translating whatever the original word was to 'Zyxl ' would actually make
a certain amount of sense. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

·I was just wondering if 'Jikushiru' actually means anything, or if you >just sort of created it out of "thin air".  :-)

<De-lurk>
Hi all, 

I whipped out my Kodansha Japanese-English dictionary to see if there was
such a word as Jikushiru.  There isn't.  However, there are the words Jiku
and Shiru.  Jiku as a noun means variously: A pivot, an axis, an axle, a
shaft, a stem, a stalk, a scroll, or a roll. Shiru as a noun means: juice,
sap, soup, or (in a metaphorical way) profit. Shiru as the infinitive form
of the verb means: 

1.	know (as to understand an idea or a fact)
2.	appreciate/understand
3.	know (as to know a person)
4.	recognize/know
5.	think of/feel/notice
6.	<Usage in a phrase that means roughly - "None of your business.">
7.	see/experience

My apologies to any Japanese speakers if these definitions are a little
off (especially the verb!).  Japanese can be subtle, and is very
context-sensitive.  I might not have gotten it exactly right, but I think
it gives us a good idea of some material to work with. Here are a couple
of suggestions: Jiku could be a term for the Emperor of what being called
Zyxl, and that the country's borders were described as being only bounded
by the knowledge, experience and awareness of the Emperor. Obviously this
didn't come across in the translation. >;-) Alternatively, it could mean
that their country (or the Emperor, or something) is described as the
pivot (or central mechanism) for the world's profits, best interests, etc.
I know that there is a person on this list who is living in Japan, and who
would probably have a better interpretation.  Any comments? Regards,
Shadow Dragon. 

<Lurk>
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>Jenni Merrifield<<

>Alternatively, it could mean that their country (or the Emperor, or something) 
>is described as the pivot (or central mechanism) for the world's profits, 
>best interests, etc.
>

From this perspective, rather than "profits", wouldn't the idea of "sap"
be useful, if you think of "sap" as the "life" of plants and (possibly)
the planet?  Then Zyxl would be the "pivot of sap" or in other words, a
metaphor for the "heart of life".  (T he meaning of "jiku" as a
"stem"/"stalk" also fits in with the term "sap"/"juice" in a similar way).
This "metaphor" could also have been a "mistranslation" of what some
native was trying to explain, and eventually stuck. Just some more food
for thought,

-=< strawberryJAMM >=-
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

·I'll work on it. I'm going to dig up the article in Dragon on this demi-ogre
·nation
·and find a location for this nation. What culture should I base this on?
·Feudal Japan?

My two bits' worth says no.  Japan is cool and there's a lot of
inspirational material there, but everybody does campaign settings based
on Japan.  Its the most popular and most overused of Asian settings, and
the Japanese Samurai has become almost as Cli ché a character as the
English knight or paladin.  And (it's just my opinion) Ninjas are old hat,
overrated, and overused.  The ninja has such a cultural mystique that DM's
tend to allow the Ninja class abilities out of proportion to all other
classes, wh ich unbalances games.  Bits and pieces of Japanese myth and
legend might be useful for creating Sumag and Suma'a, but let's not have
it be just another Myoshima except with Ogres. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>m@2 (??)<<

Since someone already mentioned Japan and Samurais, why not have a
combination of the two?  Zyxl could be a hypermilitaristic feudal nation
where only women are allowed to bear arms and a rigid code of conduct
governs honor and combat.  Perhaps (devious g rin) the men of Zyxl could
be in revolt ... since they are slaves without weapons, maybe they invent
all sorts of new martial arts and weaponry made from agricultural tools
... men could have secret societies for the teaching of karate and the
making of t onfa and nunchaku even as amazon samurai patrol the
countryside in splint mail on horse back and punish the gender rebels ... 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MYANMAR.TXT
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>Patrick<<

Hey everyone!  Here's a little something I thought up in a kind of story
form.  It's based on a Mystaran version of the nation of Myanmar, better
known as Burma.  Sorry that it's so long, feel free to skim over as much
as you like.  If anyone is intereste d, there are some incredible pictures
of this culture at the Myanmar government's home page.  It reads like the
propaganda of a third world dictator, but it still contains great
pictures: http://www.myanmar.com/gov/tourist/anc.html If you find this at
all interesting, I advise you to check out this site and to also reply to
this post with comments/criticisms/whatever :~) An excerpt from the diary
of Taferias of Mafertat, Captain of the Glorious <Immortal's Pride>;
Faithful Explorer to Her Imperial Majesty, Eriadna the Wise; Wizard
Extraordinaire; etc.; etc.; etc. 
                                        "
...We believed all was lost once the ship ran aground, for everyone knows
that this area of the world holds nothing remotely resembling
civilization.  We couldn't determine our exact location due to the storm,
which was still as fierce as ever, but we kne w that we were somewhere on
the jungle coast of the Sea of Steam or perhaps the Gulf of Tangor.  At
any rate, our chances looked grim: even if we did somehow manage to repair
the ship, we still could not get away from this place without facing THEM
again. At this point, I think I'd rather take my chances with the jungle.
Daylight finally brought a clearing of the storm.  The damage to the ship
was not as serious as I feared that it might have been, but it would still
require about a month of hard labor to repair, and we needed provisions. 
Even if it were repaired, could we get away from here by sea?  I certainly
had my doubts, but with the sun came new hopes for survival.  I decided to
lead an expedition up the coast a few miles in each direction in order to
see what could be discovered.  After a couple of miles we spott ed
something shining in the distance ahead of us.  You can imagine my
surprise when I saw, as we drew closer, a full-fledged town.  Here!  In
what everyone knows is the absolute middle of nowhere!  At first glance, I
would have to guess that this town is about as big as home, back in
Mafertat, Frisland, Alphatia.  The homes were primarily made out of wood
with straw and mud to seal them, and many small fishing canoes were moored
along a full half-mile stretch of the shore and along the slow mouth of a
wid e river.  The people going about their business in the town were
undoubtedly human, but their complexion was unlike any other that I have
seen.  If I had to guess, I'd say that they were closest to the Jennites. 
They wore fairly typical clothes for this climate—scant and brightly
colored, but not indecent.  Aside from its size, it seemed to be a fairly
typical native village, except for the great temple or palace structure of
some sort at the center!  It's gracefully soaring, curving architecture
towered over the rest of the town, dwarfing it in comparison.  But the
most astonishing thing was that this structure was covered with what
appeared to be gold!  When we came closer and the peasants noticed us,
they seemed somewhat frightened, but more an uneasi ness of strangers than
the panic of terror. They backed away, until three men in red robes with
completely bald heads came toward us. Despite what appeared to be a great
treasure here, we didn't appear to be in a very good position to take it
by force, so I made the obvious choice to try to befriend them.  They
three bald men bowed before us, and we returned the gesture.  I cast a
spell so that we could communicate, hoping that they wouldn't interpret it
as a threatening gesture.  They never batted an eye , and I began to speak
to them.  I explained our situation (they were most impressed that we had
actually made it here across the sea), and asked them for whatever help
that they could give us.  The monks, as they turned out to be, and the
peasants gladly and freely welcomed us into their homes, despite the fact
that almost none of my men could communicate with the natives.  I sat on
the floor at a low table with my monk/host and shared a meal of rice and
chicken with a strange, foul-smelling, though ple asant-tasting, spice. 
We also shared several cups of a delicious tea, and then he allowed me to
rest the night in his home.  It never occurred to me until I was already
lying on my bedroll that they never once asked us to surrender our
weapons. It turns out that the palace is actually something called a
"Pagoda".  Apparently it's a holy sight for their religion, which seems to
involve extreme pacifism and kindness to all beings.  They do not
"worship" their patron immortal, as so many other prim itive societies do,
but look up to him as a role model and mentor in their own quest for
enlightenment.  They call their patron "Rohindartha," but I have never
heard of such an immortal.  Everyone in the town seems to be a fervent
philosopher;  Allanmyo, my host, explains that every boy of the town, as
well as many of the girls, join the monastery for at least a few months of
their lives.  If it is their calling, they will spend their lives at the
monastery.  The monks and nuns (I met a few nuns today) se em to actually
be people from all walks of life:  many are typical clerics, but there are
people reminiscent of Sindhi mystics, and there are even a few
magic-users!  They follow their philosophy of pacifism and respect for all
life very rigidly, though i t is believed to be each individual's
responsibility to determine right or wrong for himself.  Most of my men,
along with some of the natives, went back to the ship today to try to
repair it, but I decided to stay to learn what I could of this land. The
dome of the Great Pagoda is real gold!  What's more, the natives tell me
that this is only one town in the great Land A Thousand Pagodas.  Allanmyo
told me that there is a great king of this land who rules from his capital
at Pantang, the Glorious Cit y of the Hundred Pagodas.  The city I'm in,
by the way is called Rangyon.  Anyway, Allanyo says that there are
hundreds of pagodas throughout the Kingdom.  Not all of them are made out
of gold; there's not that much gold in the whole world!  But this is o
bviously an incredible kingdom nonetheless!  From how the monks describe
the Kingdom, it sounds more like a very loose federation of tribes united
in their faith and their symbolic allegiance to their King at Pantang. 
Today I awoke to the sounds of shouting in the village.  I quickly drew on
some clothes and then rushed outside to see what the commotion was.  A
pair of tigers were in the center of the town, and townspeople were
running helter-skelter to try to avoid th eir fangs and claws.  I rushed
forward and fired a lightning bolt from my wand.  Unfortunately my aim was
off in my haste, and it only grazed the side of one of the tigers.  I
prepared to shoot again, this time more accurately, when I heard a spell
cast f rom behind me and felt myself unable to move.  Me!  An Officer of
the Imperial Alphatian Navy!  A powerful wizard!  ME!  HELD?!?  Allanmyo
ran from behind me and began calling orders to the peasants, who, instead
of panicking, listened and followed his or ders.  They all ran in the same
directions, leaving an open path for the tigers to escape, which they
quickly did, running back into the jungle.  They poured some sort of tea
which, in retrospect, must have been drugged into my mouth.  It released
me from my paralysis, but also seemed to relax my tension and calm my
nerves and my fury.  Allanmyo explained to me that the tigers were simply
passing through town this morning when the townspeople began to awake,
scaring the tigers, and accidentally herding th em towards the center of
town.  The tigers had eaten well that night, and, being one with nature,
had no desire to kill. As this was the case, all that Allanmyo had to do
was allow them to escape to go back to their cave and rest, all they ever
wanted in the first place.  This excitement (and probably the tea) helped
convince me to go back to bed for a long nap.  After my peaceful rest, I
had much of the night to converse with the monks.  They explained many
things of this part of the world, claiming that great empires exist where
Alphatian textbooks have always taught exist nothing but barbarians! They
also explained some more about their philosophy, which sounds fairly good
(and similar to the Great Immortal Alphatia's) except that it is horribly
imprac tical.  Late this evening, one of the monks spotted something
moving quietly through town.  When we went to investigate and discovered
three ghouls prowling the night, I restrained my impulse to attack,
remembering last time.  You can imagine my surprise when the monks all
raced forward and fought the ghouls with such incredible fury that nothing
I've ever fought could stand up to their combined might...  These are a
strange people:  peaceful, yet powerful; knowledgeable, yet unknown; full
of seeming contradictions.  This diary does not do them justice, with all
the complexities of their society, but it at least sheds some light on
what until now has been a completely unknown kingdom, right under the nose
of Great Alphatia!  I for one am certainly glad to consider these people
my friends, and I will never spread word of this land to those
money-grubbing gold-seekers who would try to rob them blind.  Besides, I
might be able to turn a healthy profit off of trade with The Land Of A
Thousand Pagodas! 
                                        "

Well, once again I apologize for the length of this post, but I sincerely
ask that some of you take a look at this and see if you think that it is
potential material for out Gazetteer-to-be for MOrient.  Thanks! Patrick

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SKOTHAR.TXT
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

>Perhaps what we could
>do is take small portions of it and let individuals develop their own
>oriental nation there. Starting with just basic descriptions at first,
>looking at other peoples work on their areas and then working out the
>interactions between the nations and there collective histories. The more
>people we get the better it will become.
>
It might be fun to do a PBEM war machine game for part of these interactions...
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

<< BTW, how far away is Zyxl from the
main continent of Sokthar anyway? >>

It is not far from Skothar at all, as it is just off the southeastern tip. 
That would place Zyxl very near the Tanagoro and the related demi-ogres,
not near any other Oriental culture.  In any event, Dragon #200 seems to
imply that demi-ogre merchants st op there fairly frequently. Also, the
old hardbound _Oriental Adventures_ contains a good deal of information
about Oriental religions and monsters.  In the area of religion, it points
out that Eastern religions are not mutually exclusive as Western ones
are—thus, while one cannot b e at the same time a Christian and a Muslim,
one can be at the same time a Buddhist and a Confucian. And many humanoid
races are mentioned:  bakemono, oni, tengu, and ningyo, among others. 
Much of this material was reproduced and updated in the later Monstrous
Compendiums, so many of you who came along too late to have easy access to
_Oriental Adventure s_ may have AD&D monster stats for many of these
creatures. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

In addition to the Great Empire, the continent of Skothar contains many
cultures of interest.  Like Brun, it has as neighbors many cultures that
are in much closer proximity than their real world counterparts.  Starting
in the north, here are a few of the more interesting cultures: 

Nentsun Peninsula:  Obviously, this region should be home to a culture
similar to that of the Inuit of North America or the natives of northern
Siberia.  Hidden somewhere on this peninsula is the secret city of the
Qauriks, as described in the _Creature C atalog_. 

Steppes of Jen:  The details of this culture can be inferred from _Dawn of
the Emperors_ and the Hollow World boxed set.  Presumably, most of the
surviving nomads are chauvinistic followers of Rathanos. 

Nentsun Plateau:  The areas of this region visited by outsiders are
inhabited by hostile humanoids, mostly Bakemono, Oni, and Ogre Magi. 
However, deep within is a great civilization dominated by Mystics (sort of
a cross between Tibet and Shangri-La). 

Minaean Coast:  These less civilized cousins of the Jennites who settled
the Great Empire are known to the survivors of Alphatia as fierce pirates. 
Their lands consist of many coastal seaports as well as a dense jungle. 
Southeast Asia would probably be a good model for this culture.  They are
long time enemies of both Alphatia and the Great Empire. 

Tangor:  In the southern mountains live the descendants of the Tanagoro. 
What sort of culture would they have now?  Let's see—an African culture in
a mountainous region—ancient Ethiopia is probably our best model here. 
For fantasy flavor, throw in the m edieval legends of Prester John. 

Zyxl:  Since Haldemar says that this island was named after a female
gladiator, let's go with that.  For anyone who wanted an Amazon culture on
Mystara, I humbly submit, this is it!  The women of Zyxl are fierce
warriors who occasionally go adventuring in the outside world.  Their men
are kept at home to perform domestic chores and for breeding purposes. 
Outsiders who intrude on their island are killed or captured and enslaved. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

·In addition to the Great Empire, the continent of Skothar contains many
·cultures of interest.  Like Brun, it has as neighbors many cultures that
·are in much closer proximity than their real world counterparts.  Starting
·in the north, here are a few of the more interesting cultures:


I like some of the barebones ideas you have here, but I don't like the
degree to which you have taken them (Just my opinion, no flame intended.
:)

·Steppes of Jen:  The details of this culture can be inferred from _Dawn of
·the Emperors_ and the Hollow World boxed set.  Presumably, most of the 
·surviving nomads are chauvinistic followers of Rathanos.

I would probably (though this is still in debate in my mind) make the
Jennites descendants of the Peshwa nomads of the DA series, just to put
this in historical context. Leads one to wonder, though, where the Afridhi
people and their patron immortal Zugzu l are, if any of their descendants
survived to the present day. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

·I did not mean one single country, but 

>rather a large oriental culture made up of several individual nations and 
>covering a large area. All types of oriental culture could be placed in 
>this setting, each one having its own nation(s). Sort of like how the known 
>world is based on western culture, we'll base this area on eastern culture.

This is exactly what we should do in developing an Oriental Mystara. 
Comparing maps of Mystara and Earth show that Eastern Skothar would be
ideal with a few minor adjustments.  The map of Mystara shows that the
designers were not too concerned with makin g the terrain features exactly
match those of the more detailed maps of the known world, so we can also
take some liberties with the terrain of Skothar. The biggest problem that
I have seen regarding location is the suggested sites for a Japanese
culture.  Zyxl is between 5 and 15 degrees north latitude, and most of the
point of the Tangor Peninsula lies south of the northern tropic. 
Real-world Japan is between 30 and 45 degrees north; this area is more
similar to the Philippines.  I'm not saying that we can't locate a
Japanese culture here, but the climate should be taken into consideration. 
Since there seems to be greatest interest in China, perhaps we should
start with a Chinese culture, I suggest the north and west shores of
Tangor Bay.  I personally would like to see this developed, as well as a
culture in the jungles south and southwest of Tangor Bay based on
Indochina.  What sort of underwater culture would fit into an Oriental
campaign? I confess I know almost nothing about Asian mythology. It seems
that one major step that would help us is if someone could figure out how
to get even a rough map of this area on-line.  Does anyone have access to
a scanner?  I felt that an Oriental setting would require a religion
similar to Buddhism.  Please look at the Immortal Rohindartha in my next
post and reply with your comments. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

In a message dated 96-07-28 18:17:52 EDT, jduncan2@chat.carleton.ca (Joe
Duncan) writes: 

<<         Do you mean in the area marked "Nentsun Plateau" on the HW map?
Hmmmm... Tibet/Shangri-La hybrid? Did you develop this for MOrient? Could
you expand on this?  >>

Yes, that is exactly where I would place it.  And no, I have not developed
it beyond a brief description—I will leave that to somebody who actually
knows something about Tibet beyond its location. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
