>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

Name:  Rohindartha
Aka:  The Enlightened One
Sphere:  Thought
Alignment:  Neutral (of neutral-good in AD&D)
Immortal Rank:  Eternal
Immortal Level:  29

Abilities:  Str- 42  Int- 45  Wis- 68  Dex- 44  Con- 47  Cha- 40
Permanent Power:  9,500
Saving Throws:  Spell Attacks- 7,  Physical Attacks-3,  Mental Attacks- 6,  
Power Attacks- 5
AC: -21,  THAC0: *6 (misses only on natural 1, add 6 to damage roll)  
Hit Dice: 43
Hit Points:  700,  # Attacks: 4,  Punch Damage: 4d6  Anti-magic: 80%
Special Abilities:  Aura- affects up to 23 mortals (vampires, dragons, etc.
ARE affected)with terror, paralysis, or charm.
Magic- Any clerical, magical, or druidic spell any number of times per day, +
immortal magic.
Regeneration- 1d4 hp per day if active, 1d8 per day at rest
Communication with any living being, all air-related non-living things
Rapid travel, special defense against non-magical weapons and
poison, protection from magic, infravision, creation of any items, and about 
anything else that you can think of. 
Powers:  Turn Undead ( as a 36th level Cleric), Mystic Special Abilities 
(acrobatics, awareness, heal self, mind block, blankout, gentle touch as 16th 
level mystic)

Description:  Rohindartha is rather small for an immortal, though he's a 
little over average human size.  He has black hair and brown eyes, and varies 
his appearance subtly to match those he is dealing with.  

Personality:  Rohindartha was a Prince of some distant civilization (Sind,
shortly after its peak).  His worship has disappeared from that country, but 
was brought to the Orient by missionaries centuries ago.  He gave up 
everything he had to seek the *Middle Path*, not succumbing to the temptation
of luxury, yet also avoiding the extreme tortures of self-deprivation in 
seeking enlightenment. He was an epic hero who ventured far and wide in search of 
enlightenment. There are many vague stories about his life, though none are 
very specific. His patron was Alphatia, and he has remained on good terms 
with her and Koryis, whose interests he shares.  One of his long term goals 
was to civilize the Minaeans so that the areas where he was worshipped could 
trade and interact freely with the Alphatians, but that goal may fade with the
disappearance of Alphatia. He is dedicated to raising mortals up above the 
suffering of mortal life through enlightenment. He detests all undead as 
trapping a spirit indefinitely in the realm of suffering.  Rohindartha is 
dedicated to bringing goodness through extreme nonviolence (except towards 
undead), but, because laws so frequently interfere with genuine goodness and 
he feels no tie to any law but goodness, his alignment is given as neutral. 
Rohindartha does not believe that he is fully enlightened, and is one of the 
few immortals actively seeking the secret of the Old Ones, although he is only 
an Eternal.  He and Khoronus are friends and research partners. Rohindartha 
considers every immortal of the sphere of entropy to be his personal enemy,
with the notable exception of Hel, whose enmity is merely professional in 
nature.  Rohindartha's nature is one of absolute goodness and pacifism.

Philosophy:  Rohindartha's followers are divided into two major denominations.
The Elders' Path is a "monotheistic" philosophy which is devoted to the quest 
for enlightenment through following the way of the Enlightened One; it demands 
a more active role on the part of believers, and stresses extreme tolerance
and pacifism.  The Greater Path is the philosophy in which adherents believe 
that they are helped along the way to enlightenment by those who have already 
become enlightened (including several other immortals, some immortals sponsored 
by Rohindartha, several titans, and a number of heroes of the past or simply 
fictional ones); this is a slightly less spiritual, less austere philosophy 
which is better suited to normal life.  Both philosophies stress pacifism,
goodness, respect for elders, and most of all, the quest for enlightenment.  
Many orders of Mystics follow Rohindara, along with the clerics.  His clerics 
are made up mainly of monks, though nuns and gurus also exist.  They devote 
their lives to doing good and seeking enlightenment.  Clerics receive 
"Deanimate" rather than "Animate Dead".  This spell alters an undead to it's 
state before animation, thus freeing the spirit from the undead.  This only 
works on monsters animated by a spell.  Clerics may wear no armor, although 
they can use a shield and their increased presence of mind gives them a -3 
bonus on armor class, plus an additional -1 bonus every 4 levels after first.
Rohindara's clerics radiate such an aura of peace that living creatures are 
less likely to attack them (+1 or +2 bonus on initial reaction rolls, or such),
unless the creature recognizes the cleric as a personal enemy.  DMs should 
award experience for monsters that the clerics avoid fighting, as well as 
role-laying bonuses for pacifism if they are deserved.

This is my basic idea for a major religion of the Orient.  Please reply with 
your impressions of it.  Thanks!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

>I was talking about Chinese belief that important people are incarnation 
>of minor god, etc.  In game term, that would mean immortal will directly 
>involves in mortal realm.

Not necessarily.  Immortals have 3 distinct forms, as given in Wrath of the 
Immortals.  The Manifestation form is their awesome form in which they have 
so many powers that they are effectively invincible against mortals.  The 
immortal's law states simply that an immortal is forbidden to appear in 
manifestation form on the prime plane.  They are allowed to appear in 
incorporeal form (appearing in dreams, etc.) or in a Mortal Identity. An 
immortal is allowed to take on human (or other mortal) form on the prime plane 
in order to further his or her objectives.  A glance at recent Mystaran 
history shows two obvious examples: Etienne d'Ambreville, prince of Glantri 
and the immortal Rad, and Anya, former chief advisor and mistress of Emperor 
Thincol I and the immortal Vanya. The incarnations of emperors could be true 
immortals without violating the Law.  I point this out only for clarification; 
I do not necessarily disagree with the idea of a superrace.

>Also, he should probably be bald.  True
>follower of his will be pacifist to the extreme.  They 
>will not allow to kill anything unless it is extremely 
>evil and have no chance of redemption.  This applies to 
>all animals and probably intelligent plants.  As for 
>undeads, the mindless type (zombie, skeletons, etc.) are 
>no different then moving tables, and can be destroyed 
>without penalties.  Buddhist don't care much about the 
>body, believing only the soul is important.  As for the 
>intelligent undeads, I'm not sure what their view is.  I 
>can't really see them just run up and kill those creatures, 
>especially those that are not totally evil.  They probably 
>will attempt to reason with those undeads first, get them 
>to see that holding on to life this way is wrong, and get 
>them to give up their undead statue willingly.  So perhaps 
>they will have the power of calm intelligent undead down 
>and get the undeads listen to them, and if the power is 
>successfully used, the undead need to make a saving throw, 
>or "dissipate."  Undead that is pawn of other undead should 
>regain its free will at during the time of conversation.

You're completely right regarding the baldness, it just slipped my mind
somehow.  As for the rest, it is pretty much exactly in the same vein as
what I had in mind

>BTW, this will not be the religion of the mass for MChina.
>It will fit nicely for one of the more advanced culture that 
>neighboring MChina that I was thinking about.  Due to the 
>religious beliefs, they are contented to stay in their own 
>little kingdom and advance their various art to a very high 
>degree.  In historic setting this nation will be located in 
>the mountains between India and China, where the mountain
>help out its small army in defending the nation a bit.  but 
>since I don't have any map with me, I'm not sure where would 
>be a good place for this nation.

I agree that this should not be the primary philosophy of MChina.  The
MTibet/Nepal/Bhutan(?) that you seem to be describing is an excellent
idea, although it seems that it would be quite a bit of work to create a
new MIndia when Sind is already there.  T his philosophy would probably
also be followed in the jungle south of MChina (MBurma and MThailand)

>I can't comment on the stats etc., as I'm not familiar
>with Immortals rules. He does seem to have rather impressive powers though;
>too impressive? Also, I'm not sure that I see the rationale for the link to 
>undead, specifically the emphasis on "de-animating" and releasing the spirit 
>. Wouldn't this be that spirit's karma?

The Immortal Law at the beginning of this post was designed specifically
to balance these powers.  I never went into Mortal Identities because it
seems rather premature.  The idea presented in Wrath of the Immortals is
that a weak immortal is far more pow erful than any mortal.  They should
not be used simply as monsters, but more as all-powerful NPCs, according
to the rules set forth there.  If anyone who is familiar with the rules
for immortals could reply, I would appreciate input on whether Rohindartha
should be about at Eternal level where I placed him, or should he be less
powerful?  As for the undead stuff, I was unsure about it myself.  John
seemed to back up the original description, while Shelby disagreed.  I
would appreciate further input regard ing the issue of undead in
MBuddhism. BTW, I forgot to include this description in the original
description: Rohin means "on the upward path" in Sindhi, and -dartha was
simply added to be reminiscent of Siddartha. Thanks to those who took the
time to respond.  I appreciate it, even if I disagreed with parts of your
posts. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

Sigh... I was hoping we don't have to get into religion of Chinese or
MChinese for a while, but since someone brought it up, I going to make a
few comments.  Chinese religion is VERY confusing.  Most people are just
not that religious.  Even the religious type (monk, priest, etc.), are
different from their western counterpart that they are more interested in
seeking self "enlightenment" instead of converting others.  The "religion"
that the general population follow is a mix of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism,
and the folk tales all rolled into one.  And the attitude toward religion 
is very different from the Westerner's point of view.  I'm not even sure 
where to start on this subject area.  Should I start thinking of creating a 
MChinese's pantheons of Imm ortals?  That might take a while. 

Also, could the "Immortal Law" be different for MOrient than those applied
to the Known World.  As I said before, Chinese belief that many special
people in its history are incarnation of heavenly creature/minor god etc. 
One way to incorporate that in the Mystara campaign is that they are
immortals reborn into mortal form, with their immortal memory wiped.  Upon
their death, their will take their place in the Immortal rank again.  The
Immortal Patrick described are fairly good.  I just have a couple of
points to make.  Instead of coming from Sind, why not MIndia? Also, he
should probably be bald.  True follower of his will be pacifist to the
extreme.  They will not allow to kill an ything unless it is extremely
evil and have no chance of redemption.  This applies to all animals and
probably intelligent plants.  As for undeads, the mindless type (zombie,
skeletons, etc.) are no different then moving tables, and can be destroyed
without penalties.  Buddhist don't care much about the body, believing
only the soul is important.  As for the intelligent undeads, I'm not sure
what their view is.  I can't really see them just run up and kill those
creatures, especially those that are not to tally evil.  They probably
will attempt to reason with those undeads first, get them to see that
holding on to life this way is wrong, and get them to give up their undead
statue willingly.  So perhaps they will have the power of calm intelligent
undead down and get the undeads listen to them, and if the power is
successfully used, the undead need to make a saving throw, or "dissipate."
Undead that is pawn of other undead should regain its free will at during
the time of conversation. BTW, this will not be the religion of the mass
for MChina.  It will fit nicely for one of the more advanced culture that
neighboring MChina that I was thinking about.  Due to the religious
beliefs, they are contented to stay in their own little kingdom an d
advance their various art to a very high degree.  In historic setting this
nation will be located in the mountains between India and China, where the
mountain help out its small army in defending the nation a bit.  but since
I don't have any map with me , I'm not sure where would be a good place
for this nation. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

·	> So one way of getting around this that I  thought of is using
·	> the seelie court.  For some reason the  fairies in MChina is more
·	interested in
·	> the welfare of the mortals than their western counterparts
·	Hi John,
·	I knew there were "spirits" in Chinese folklore, but are you choosing to
·	adopt the terminology of Celtic fairy? Aren't there labels more suited 
·	to the orient?

I'm thinking of keeping them separate.  The seelie/celestial court is
filled by the powerful fairies, nearly immortal in power.  While the
spirits have considerably less power.  Actually come to think of it, this
might work out quite similar to Chinese my thology.  A little background
info first, the spirits are come to being when those nature animals or
plants start on the "path." How they able to start was never clearly
described, AFAIK, probably they just happen to live in a highly magical
area for a lo ng time.  After 50 to 100 years or so, they can take on
human form.  If they stay on the right path, they can sooner or later
(generally several hundreds or thousands of years) became a god.  If they
stray on to the wrong path, they will be condemned by t he heaven and be
destroyed.  In game term, this could be that minor spirits, after gaining
certain amount of power could be invited into the celestial court. 
Powerful magic user could also became a god.  this could be using a spell
similar to Lich, but i nstead of turned into an undead, the caster is
turned into a powerful fairy and join the court.  BTW, in Chinese folk
belief, gods is not all powerful.  They are below buddas in power.  And
while godhood can sometime be obtained by just eating some alchem y
formulas, one can became a budda only through total devotion, selfless
sacrifice, etc.  Also, IIRC, a god is not out of the "great cycle,"
meaning that after a certain amount of time they have to start at the
beginning and be a mortal again.  And once b ecame a god, one can never
became a budda.  So, I think in game term, Immortals = budda and Powerful
fairy = god.  Just my opinion.  As I said before, the main reason I like
this is there are just too many gods in Chinese folk stories to create an
immortal out of each one.  Hum, looking back at my post, it might be a
little confusing.  Feel free to ask me any questions to clarify anything
or tell me what you think of this.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

Shelby Michlin pontificated:
>
·This is pretty fascinating stuff for a Westerner, or at least for this one.
·What do you think of the Oriental pantheons in Deities and Demigods/Legends
·and Lore etc.? Where does that (polytheism) fit into the milieu of Buddhism,
·Confucianism, Taoism and folk tales? 

I only flip through L&L once, and don't remember much about it. 
Polytheism is what the commoners "believes".  Most people don't know
whether a "god" came from Buddhism, Taoism, or somewhere else, nor do they
really care. 

·	What's the "Immortal Law" you refer to above?

I was talking about Chinese belief that important people are incarnation
of minor god, etc. The major gods could just be the same immortals that
have already been published, just took a different name when in MChina,
with a few addition immortal that is M China specific. 

·In an earlier post you mentioned that the older, original Great Wall is in
·fact a mound, while the stone wall people picture was only built within the
·past few hundred years. Are you saying that the original Great Wall was
·built as a mound, or that all that remains of it is a mound?

Sorry, I don't really know.

·Thank you again, I think your contributions are a terrific opportunity to
·get Oriental cultures "right."

Just doing what I can.  BTW, I left Taiwan before I even finished
elementary school, so by no mean I'm an authority on China.  So if someone
found different info on what I described, feel free to correct me. 

·PS How do we refer to you politely, as Shin, as Yu, or something else?

Just call me John :) While we at it, we can go a little into Chinese
names.  In China, family names is generally placed first and generally are
only one word (each word is one syllable in Chinese), although there are
some two word last names too, and the y seems to be more common in the
past.  Longer last name can also be heard once a while, but generally mean
the family come from outer region of China, such as Mongol, Manchuria,
etc., and they sometime shorten their family name once they integrated
into Chinese society.  Given name are generally one or two word. 
Traditionally, there are many families that have strict restrictions on
Given Names.  For example, the first word of all children from the same
generation needs to be the same word, and the seco nd words need to have
some shared characteristic.  Like they all have to be related to water
etc.  and those rules is kept in the family shrine that is located at the
family's place of ancestry.  Using my name as example, in Chinese it is Yu
Shin Chyang.  Yu is my family name, both of my sisters have Shin as the
first of the given name.  Our family book is back in China, so we didn't
follow the strict family rule on naming.  All cousin with same last name
(i.e., children of you father's brother) also cons ider to be in the same
generation and should have same first word for the given name.  BTW, these
rules are generally followed by more educated families, or middle class or
better.  When your first worry is earn enough money to survive, you tend
to not wo rry about names as much.  Traditionally, boys from educated
family often have a personal names too, which is used among close friend. 
Commoners name is generally much simpler.  A street vendor generally have
names like Wong Six (for been the sixth childr en of the family) or Tang
Big (for been the first born, or just a big guy), etc.  Adventurers
generally like to carry some nice sounding nicknames that Timely Rain for
someone like to help out other, White Serpent in the Wave for someone who
is a good swi mmer and have fair skin, etc.  Sorry for talk so much on
fluffs, I'll try to cut down a bit in the future. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------
>>AUTHOR UNKNOWN<<

One common motif in Chinese mythology is the Celestial Court, which is
similar to the Mt. Olympus of the Greek myth that it is a gathering of the
Chinese gods.  However, since the number of Chinese gods could easily be
in the hundreds if not thousands, it would be difficult in my opinion to
create that many immortals.  So one way of getting around this that I
thought of is using the seelie court.  For some reason the fairies in
MChina is more interested in the welfare of the mortals than their western
counterparts.  So they have been "helping out" quite a bit over the
history of MChina.  So the commoner mistaken some of the more powerful
good folks to be immortals and start to warship them.  The clerics in
MChina know that is not the case, but the idea is too deep rooted for them
to bother to change it.  The famous people that are believed to
incarnation of gods could just be changelings or actual fairy spirit
incarnated into human baby for one life time, probably either as a
punishment or the seelie cour t like to get something done that a normal
human can't be trusted.  So, this is the gist of my idea, what do people
think about it?

--------------------------------------------------------------------
>>Andre Martins<<
Date: Mon, 24 Nov 1997 02:33:14 -0200 (EDT)
From: Andre Martins <acrmarti@fma1.if.usp.br>

Hi,

We have been going slowly lately or does any of you think ours is a
lightning pace? I know I have been REALLY busy this year and unable to
contribute anything, but I hope to get the time for it now, even if it
will be slow. So I decide to toss a few ideas for discussion. I am writing
this without my compillations of MOrient material at hand, so feel free to
criticize and change automatically whatever doens't fit on the previously
discussed material (specially spellings). Or like it so much you want to
change any dicrepancies :)

I am also unsure if my mailing list is correct. Let me know if any of you
find any discrepancies.


Rohindarta, as the legends tell

A long time ago, a woman and a dragon fell desperately in love by each
other. The dragon took the woman to live with him and they were very happy
for a long time.

When the mother of Rohindarta got pregnant, she dreamt of a huge dragon
coming to her and entering her womb. The dragon was as gold as the sun
when if first appeared, but its collor kept changing. It was escorted by
millions of other creatures, common and strange, most of which the woman
had never seen or heard of. All of them had the same bright light coming
from theirs forehead.

The sages told her that the baby she was carrying would one day rule the
world or save it. The creatures were all its previous incarnations and
represented all the wisdom he would be carrying to this life. However, his
was to be a dangerous path and there was a great chance he would get
killed before fulfilling his fate. His mother died one week after his
birth.

His father loved their son very much and decided to shield him from all
the dangers in the world, as he didn't want to lose his son after losing
the woman he loved. He built a great palace to house him, where loyal
servants would take care of him and where he would now nothing about the
sufferings of the world or its problems. The palace was inside the top of
a high and unclimbable mountain, so that the son would never be able to 
leave, as he was born human in shape. The only way out was flying through
the top, the exit his father used, concealed by powerful magics.

The boy grew up strong and intelligent and had a very good life. When he
was 16, he married a beautiful dragon girl, disguised as human, in a
marriage arranged by his father. They had a son who would later become the
ancestor of the emperors.

One day, one pegasus (or any chinese mythical creature, maybe 
a phoenix, any suggestions?) descended into the palace and Rohindarta
started to talk to him. He was very curious to hear there was an outer
world and wanted to hear all about it. The pegasus talked about it and the
boy decided he wanted to see it by himself. After much asking, he
convinced the pegasus to fly him to the nearby villages while his parents
were gone.

There he found out all the suffering of the world, disease, sickness, old
age and death. And he decided to leave his great palace to look for a way
of stopping it all. His father found it out in time and forbade him of
leaving, declering that anyone who would help him by carrying him outside
would have to suffer his wrath. The boy simply discovered he could turn
into a dragon and flew away.

He spent years meditating and fasting and there are many views about what
happened after. Some say he just sat under a tree until enlightment came
to him. Other cults claim he realized he should try a middle path, while
fasting was an extreme path. Anyway, all agree he became enlightened,
knowing the truth behing the veils of illusion of life. The tree where he
sat under, meditating and where he was assailed by the forces of ...? 
still stands in the province ... and many make pilgrimages to sit under
it.

When he reached enlightenment, all immortals came to watch him and pay
their respects to him. They recognized he had achieved a state of complete
union with the universe, something beyond their small mundane powers.

After that, he started teaching people how to get free from pain and
suffering and estabilished our sacred nation of Chung-Eun. After
teaching the people, he embarked in many mystical journeys to teach his
words to the gods and other beings.

Rohindarta, as the Immortals know it (do they?)

Rohindarta was real origins are as clouded in mystery as those of the
elder Immortals. Maybe he belonged to some race ancestor to the dragons,
but nobody tells it. When Blackmoor reached its peak, he was the reigning
Hierarch of Time. He was shocked as many other Immortals when that nation
almost blew the whole world, and decided to walk the land to understand
what had come to pass, somtehing he didn't do for quite sometime, even in
mortal identities.

He took many forms and found out the hand of Thanatos behind the whole
thing. He was really moved by the suffering of the people and decided he
had to do something about it. He knew that he couldn't war Thanatos, they
would just reach a stalemate after bringing much pain and death to the
people in Mystara, as the powers of both were equivalent. So he decided he
should try something higher. He had heard the legends about the Old Ones
and decided to regain mortal status and regain Immortality.

First, he created an artifact that would keep sending spells and powers to
his priethood. He wanted to have all his followers still with him, when he
regained immortality.

He prepared the region that would later become Chung-Eun, planting legends
that would help his ascent and decided to be reborn as a dragon, son of a
human woman. There he created the dynasty that exists until today, as well
as the Dragon Trone and fulfillied the task to regain Immortality.
Sometime later, he reached Hierarch status again and was taken by the
blackballs. The artifact he had prepared before giving up immortality
must still exists in a modified version, as his followers still gain some
powers and Thanatos is continuosly plotting to uncover its location, to no
avail so far.


I will send descriptions for th Tree, the Dragon Trone and something for
the clerics of Rohindarta later.

Comments?

Andre Martins

--------------------------------------------------------------------
>>Andre Martins<<

Date: Mon, 24 Nov 1997 03:38:00 -0200 (EDT)
From: Andre Martins <acrmarti@fma1.if.usp.br>


The Tree

Whether this tree has any real magical powers or not is subject to
academic discussions among the chung-euneses(?) academicians. It doesn't
detect to any form of magical detection, but it stands more than a
millenia after Rohindarta dat under it and remaint verdant even after hit
by a number of thunderbolts.

It has no obvious magical use, but the followers of Rohindarta have to
travel there at the beginnning of their treinament. They sit under it for
a whole month, without moving, even eating, for a whole month, when they
claim to contact Rohindarta. Some claim their spiritual journey take just
one hour, some claim it takes years, where they travel to marvellous
places, but the fact is that all of them meditate for a full month, coming
back in a state of full healthy. It is even claimed that none of them can
be hurt while meditating there, something that is probably true, as their
most advanced clerics have this power everywhere.


The Dragon Trone

Rohindarta understood the world as a great illusion where pain and death
were unavoidable lies. So he decided to create an item that would reflect
his vision of the world. The trone was created from a big branch from the
treee where he had sat under, that he carved by himself. Anyone sitting on
the trone, has its senses enhanced to a point that he or she can become
aware of everything happening inside Chung-Eun. A sensation of well-being
and detachment of mundane things also comes with the experience and the
person there sat is completely shielded from any external influences.

However, that amount of information is overwhelming for any creature.
Dragons, somehow, are able to ignore most of it and concentrate on just a
few things, like detecting ships and oulanders that get close to the
country. Humans have their mind completely altered even by touching it
and, if there is a dragon sat on the trone, he can use that state to plant
whatever memories he wants in their brains. Oddly, whatever they start
believing to be their true past, has real effects on the world. Mages
whose fake experiences include the learning of a new spell, find this
spell written in their books later, scars really appear on people's faces
and so on.



Clerics of Rohindarta

His clerics still receive their spells if they pray for it, but they
usually don't use it. This way, as they are not much trained to cast
spells, their powers manifest later (treat them as 2 levels lower for
purposes of how many spells they can cast). They believe they must spent
most of their lives meditating and getting detached from mundane passions
and desires. Some sects are specially imune to pain, due to their
treinament and they receive as many hit points as fighters. Other receive
martial training and some special manuevers (volunteers, use the Oriental
Adventures?).

At 5th level, they must travel to the Tree and embark on their spiritual
voyage. After that, they become completely imune to all kind of illusions.
At 7th level, they become immune to any mind-controlling magics. At 15th
level, they reach a new understanding about the nature of the universe and
they become able to try to disbelieve the real world, just as if it were
an illusion. On a successful saving throw against spells, nothing in the
world can affect them. At 21st level, they can try to disbelieve even
immortals and immortal level magic, but with a -6 penalty.

Comments anyone? Now we have an outline of Bhuda (that we still must
disccuss), does anyone care about helping me with Lao Zi and Confucius?

Andre

--------------------------------------------------------------------
>>John Yu<<

Date: Mon, 24 Nov 1997 17:09:43 -0500 (EST)
From: Shin Chyang Yu <scy2g@watt.seas.virginia.edu>

Andre Martins pontificated:
> 
> Hi,
> 
> We have been going slowly lately or does any of you think ours is a
> lightning pace? I know I have been REALLY busy this year and unable to
> contribute anything, but I hope to get the time for it now, even if it
> will be slow. 

Same here.  And I still didn't graduate on time.  First of all, we
probably should do a head count to see how many people still left
on this group.  I wrote something up regrading to Celestrial Court,
Seelie Court, and Dragons a couple of month ago, but never quite
find the time to finish it.  I will try to finish it over the
Thanksgiving and post it afterward.

I have just scan through you posts.  But right now, you have 
combined MBuddha and the first emperor into one figure.  I'm
not sure I like that.  The selfish reason is that I was thinking
to have a province that actually proscute Buddhist monks.  This
would make that difficult :)  The more general reason is he was
from India.  I will get back to you with my thoughts when I have
more time to read and think it over.  Thanks.

-- 
John Yu, scy2g@virginia.edu |
UVa, Material Science Dept. |"Earth is too small and fragile a basket
IPM Lab			    |  for Mankind to keep all his eggs in."	
(804) 984-3789		    |               -- Robert Anson Heinlein

--------------------------------------------------------------------
>>Andre Martins<<

Date: Tue, 25 Nov 1997 00:20:31 -0200 (EDT)
From: Andre Martins <acrmarti@fma1.if.usp.br>


On Mon, 24 Nov 1997, Shin Chyang Yu wrote:

> Same here.  And I still didn't graduate on time.  First of all, we
> probably should do a head count to see how many people still left
> on this group.  I wrote something up regrading to Celestrial Court,
> Seelie Court, and Dragons a couple of month ago, but never quite
> find the time to finish it.  I will try to finish it over the
> Thanksgiving and post it afterward.

Do it, I am eager to read it, even if not complete. If you don't manage to
finish it, send what you have and let's keep this project moving, even if
at a slow pace.

> I have just scan through you posts.  But right now, you have 
> combined MBuddha and the first emperor into one figure.  I'm
> not sure I like that.  The selfish reason is that I was thinking
> to have a province that actually proscute Buddhist monks.  This
> would make that difficult :)  The more general reason is he was
> from India.  I will get back to you with my thoughts when I have
> more time to read and think it over.  Thanks.

I know. But that was not a very important part, so we could change it,
just by changing the Sphere under which Rohindarta regains his
immortality. I guess Thought would also be apropriate and not require him
to build a dynasty. Just send your suggestions.

Andre


--------------------------------------------------------------------
>>David K<<

Date: Tue, 25 Nov 1997 00:02:58 -0500 (EST)
From: Kaviyd@aol.com

In a message dated 97-11-24 01:26:20 EST, acrmarti@fma1.if.usp.br writes:

<< One day, one pegasus (or any chinese mythical creature, maybe 
 a phoenix, any suggestions?) descended into the palace and Rohindarta
 started to talk to him. >>

How about a ki rin?

--------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------
